About - Introspect Wellness Skip to content Services Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers Botox Jeuveau Dysport Xeomin Fillers Juvederm® Restylane Sculptra® Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Microneedling (Candela Exceed, Pixel8) PDO Threads Erb: YAG Laser Resurfacing PRP Vampire Facial Weight loss Facial Services Custom Facials & Peels Skincare Skin Analysis + Evaluation Refined Waxing Services Wellness Hormone Replacement Therapy Pain Relief Treatments IV Infusions Non-Surgical Fat Removal Kybella® PCDC Injections Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Gift Cards Gallery Payment Plans About Testimonials VIP Blog Contact Services Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers Botox Jeuveau Dysport Xeomin Fillers Juvederm® Restylane Sculptra® Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Microneedling (Candela Exceed, Pixel8) PDO Threads Erb: YAG Laser Resurfacing PRP Vampire Facial Weight loss Facial Services Custom Facials & Peels Skincare Skin Analysis + Evaluation Refined Waxing Services Wellness Hormone Replacement Therapy Pain Relief Treatments IV Infusions Non-Surgical Fat Removal Kybella® PCDC Injections Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Gift Cards Gallery Payment Plans About Testimonials VIP Blog Contact About Us At Introspect Wellness, we offer a thoughtfully curated range of services designed to support your unique health and aesthetic goals. Our offerings include neurotoxin injections, injectable fillers, non-surgical fat reduction, IV hydration therapy, microneedling, PRP facial and hair treatments, weight loss therapy, PDO threads, and pain management services. Our facility is equipped with advanced technology to support thoughtful, high-quality care. And our team of experienced professionals, including certified registered nurse anesthetists and licensed estheticians, provides personalized treatments tailored to your individual needs. We focus on creating a welcoming, comfortable environment where your concerns are heard and your experience is supported with care and intention. Whether you’re looking to refresh your appearance, support your overall wellness, or simply take time for yourself, Introspect Wellness is here to help you look and feel your best. Meet Our Team Grace Hennessy Jessica Starr MS, APRN, CRNA Jessica Starr has been an advanced practice nurse for 10 years. She is certified from the Medical Aesthetic Art Institute for Injectables (Botox and Fillers). She is passionate about helping patients optimize their health with vitamin therapy and weight loss programs. She believes that people can live their best lives when they feel their best on the inside and out. Olivia Field Meet Olivia – Esthetician Hi everyone! I’m Olivia, and I’m thrilled to start my esthetics journey at IW. With a deep passion for skin care and a growing focus on preventative Botox and dermal fillers, I’m here to help you feel like yourself in your skin for years to come. Veronica Lopez Hi, I’m Veronica. I’m a registered nurse just entering the world of aesthetics and gaining new skills everyday. Dedicated to a gentle, patient focused approach where your needs are my priority. Creating a comfortable environment while achieving beautiful, natural results is my goal. I can’t wait to help you along in your journey to increased self confidence. Kyra Nielsen BSN, RN Hello! My name is Kyra and I am here for you! I have been in healthcare for more than 20 years (mainly in Emergency Medicine) and have been doing concierge cosmetic injecting for the past year. I joined the Introspect Wellness team because it a great place to be for many reasons. We are a satisfaction driven Med Spa and we love helping people feel great about themselves! At Introspect, I can a wider variety of services and stay on the cutting edge of cosmetic wellness. Book a consult with me, I would love to talk about your goals and help develop a plan to get you there! Mallory Armstrong Joanne Eden APRN CRNA Joanne Eden is a Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetist (CRNA). CRNAs are advanced practice registered nurses (APRN) who administer anesthesia. Nurse Anesthetists are a special breed of health care providers as they have a strong procedural background, and an intimate knowledge of anatomy, physiology and pharmacology. Medical aesthetic practice is also a special breed of medicine. Aesthetics combine art and science to bring out the best version of oneself. Joanne’s background in anesthesiology naturally carries over to the field of aesthetics. Also, Joanne is certified in neurotoxin and injectable filler with The American Association of Aesthetic Medicine and Surgery. Let her help you become your most glowing and confident self! Margaret Knobloch Margaret is a dedicated and skilled Registered Nurse with more than 25 years experience in in the preoperative setting. She strives to understand her patients unique needs and desires while tailoring her treatments to achieve their aesthetic goals and enhancing their natural beauty. She is certified by the Audrey Rose Institute of Medical Aesthetics to inject neurotoxins and injectable fillers. Patience Vicaire Patience is a passionate esthetician dedicated to helping clients feel confident and cared for in their skin. With a warm, detail-oriented approach, she focuses on creating relaxing, results-driven experiences tailored to each individual’s needs. She loves educating clients on proper skincare, providing calming treatments, and helping people achieve healthy, glowing skin. Patience brings a blend of professionalism, creativity, and genuine care to every service she offers. Valdine Lubin RN RN with 11 years of nursing experience, I’ve cared for patients through every stage of healing—and now I bring that same compassion and precision into aesthetics. My goal is to help you feel confident, radiant, and naturally refreshed—because beauty should look like you, just enhanced. Mrs. Breezy Rennick 19 West St, Keene, NH, 03431 (603) 338-6065 Email Us quicklinks About Testimonials Gift Cards Gallery Financing VIP Contact About Testimonials Gift Cards Gallery Financing VIP Contact Services Wrinkle Relaxers Fillers Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Weight Loss Facial Services Skincare Wellness Non-Surgical Fat Removal Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Wrinkle Relaxers Fillers Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Weight Loss Facial Services Skincare Wellness Non-Surgical Fat Removal Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Send us a MEssage Your Name Your email Phone Number Message Send Website by Tier3Media Services Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers Botox Jeuveau Dysport Xeomin Fillers Juvederm® Restylane Sculptra® Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Microneedling (Candela Exceed, Pixel8) PDO Threads Erb: YAG Laser Resurfacing PRP Vampire Facial Weight loss Facial Services Custom Facials & Peels Skincare Skin Analysis + Evaluation Refined Waxing Services Wellness Hormone Replacement Therapy Pain Relief Treatments IV Infusions Non-Surgical Fat Removal Kybella® PCDC Injections Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Gift Cards Gallery Payment Plans About Testimonials VIP Blog Contact