Premier Med Spa in York ME | Serving Portland & Portsmouth NH | Coastal Aesthetics Skip to content About Reviews Monthly Specials New Patient Offers 30% OFF CO2 Laser $11/Unit Tox + FREE Lip Flip 30% OFF Skin Resurfacing $250 FREE Rejuvenation Credit 10% OFF DENSITY Skin Tightening Treatments Lasers Alma Hybrid CO2 Laser Harmony XL Pro Laser Tattoo Removal Soprano Titanium Laser Hair Removal Body Accent Prime Cellulite Reduction truSculpt ID TruSculpt Flex Face & Skin Chemical Peels DENSITY RF Skin Tightening Dermaplaning Diamond Glow Microneedling Opus Plasma-RF RF Microneedling Sunspot Removal Injectables & Fillers Dermal Fillers Wrinkle Relaxers Hair Restoration Alma TED Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Weight Loss & Wellness Biote Hormone Replacement Medical Weight Loss Injections Skincare Concerns Cellulite Cheek Volume Double Chin Fine Lines & Wrinkles Hair Loss Hyperpigmentation Loose Skin Scars Severe Acne Stretch Marks Patient Programs Loyalty Program Membership Free Skin Analysis Resources Contact Blog eBooks Financing Gift Cards Videos Schedule Consultation Book Now 207-363-2300 About Reviews Monthly Specials New Patient Offers 30% OFF CO2 Laser $11/Unit Tox + FREE Lip Flip 30% OFF Skin Resurfacing $250 FREE Rejuvenation Credit 10% OFF DENSITY Skin Tightening Treatments Lasers Alma Hybrid CO2 Laser Harmony XL Pro Laser Tattoo Removal Soprano Titanium Laser Hair Removal Body Accent Prime Cellulite Reduction truSculpt ID TruSculpt Flex Face & Skin Chemical Peels DENSITY RF Skin Tightening Dermaplaning Diamond Glow Microneedling Opus Plasma-RF RF Microneedling Sunspot Removal Injectables & Fillers Dermal Fillers Wrinkle Relaxers Hair Restoration Alma TED Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Weight Loss & Wellness Biote Hormone Replacement Medical Weight Loss Injections Skincare Concerns Cellulite Cheek Volume Double Chin Fine Lines & Wrinkles Hair Loss Hyperpigmentation Loose Skin Scars Severe Acne Stretch Marks Patient Programs Loyalty Program Membership Free Skin Analysis Resources Contact Blog eBooks Financing Gift Cards Videos Schedule Consultation Book Now Menu Natural results are beautiful Learn more about what makes Coastal Aesthetics the premier medical spa on the Seacoast. View Our Treatments Natural results are beautiful Learn more about what makes Coastal Aesthetics the premier medical spa on the Seacoast. View Our Treatments About Us Maine's Medi-Spa For Beautiful Results Coastal Aesthetics is one of Maine’s premier medical spas. We pride ourselves on creating a relaxing environment that enables beautiful results. Our team of professionals will give you the proper attention and treatment that you need to get the aesthetic results you desire. Learn more about what makes Coastal Aesthetics the medical spa for beautiful results. Services Coastal Aesthetics Treatments Lasers Body Face & Skin Injectables & Fillers Hair restoration View All Treatments Services Pricing Guide Download our exclusive Coastal Aesthetics Pricing Guide and learn more about our service menu and pricing Download Our Guide Coastal Elite Rewards Pamper yourself with the exclusive benefits offered by our membership program Learn More Testimonials What Our Clients Say Patient satisfaction is our number one priority at Coastal Aesthetics I love going to Costal Aesthetics, the spa is gorgeous and the staff is so friendly! I would highly recommend giving them a try if you’re looking to upgrade your skincare routine or are looking to learn more about medical grade skincare and treatments. I always look forward to my appointments! I moved home from Nashville and was so nervous about going to a different doctor but Kim is amazing. She understand everything without me even telling her. She was so sweet and helpful and I could not be happier with my results!! I’m already planning my next trip to Maine to see her again! Kim and her team at Coastal Aesthetics are professional, friendly, and knowledgeable. The spa is extremely clean, modern, and welcoming and offers services for both women and men. I strongly recommend reaching out for a consultation if you’re interested in learning more about what they can do for you. I have been going to coastal aesthetics for a few months now and have been so impressed so far. It is inviting, clean with all top notch equipment and the staff are knowledgeable, professional and very personable! I will continue to drive out of my way to go here. 5⭐️! I received an IV drip from CA and they did a wonderful job. It was a calm and relaxing experience, and I felt AMAZING when it was done. Will certainly return! Highly recommend to others who are feeling lethargic or unfocused. It will make such a difference! Kim, Amanda, Theresa and the Coastal team are nothing short of amazing. They make you feel so special and comfortable every time you walk through the door. No procedure is forced and they are very knowledgeable and specific to your needs. Make yourself a priority and treat yourself to a treatment here!! Our Team We love what we do Learn more about our team of professionals that make Coastal the go-to medical spa on the Seacoast. Meet the Team Follow Us @coastalaestheticsme Contact Us 1537 US Route 1 Cape Neddick, Maine 03902 (207) 363-2300 info@coastalaesthetic.com Hours Tue - Fri: 9am - 5pm Sat - Mon: Closed Coastal Aesthetics proudly serves clients throughout southern Maine and New Hampshire. Our premier med spa in York, ME, welcomes patients from Portland, Kennebunk, Kittery, and Portsmouth, NH. Gift Cards Purchase your gift cards online or in-office! Coastal Elite Rewards View our new membership program 5 STARS + 120 REVIEWS Subscribe Newsletter Subscribe LinkedIn This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * First Last Email * Consent By submitting my information, I consent to receive calls and text messages from Coastal Aesthetics at the phone number and email address provided. Our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions apply. CAPTCHA Submit Copyright © 2026 Coastal Aesthetics | All Rights Reserved | Accessibility Statement | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Med Spa Marketing by Diamond Accelerator 0 0 Your Cart Your cart is empty Return to Shop Continue Shopping LIMITED TIME OFFERS! For a limited time, transform your skin with our exclusive deals: ✨ Opus Plasma™ – 30% OFF skin resurfacing ✨ Tox – Just $11/unit + FREE lip flip ✨ CO2 Laser – 30% OFF treatment ✨ $250 FREE Rejuvenation Credit – Custom skin plan ✨ 10% OFF DENSITY Skin Tightening Claim Your Deal Now! Limited Time Offers