Cosmetic Confidence | About Face — A Well Labs+ Medspa Skip to content Book Your Treatment Today! (603)-580-5296 Treatments Body Treatments Emsculpt Neo Coolsculpting Elite Coolsculpting for Chin Hormone Replacement Therapy Hair Solutions Alma TED Laser Hair Removal PRP Hair Restoration Wellness Peptide Therapy Weight Loss HRT O-Shot for Female Sexual Wellness Injectables Neurotoxin Botox Daxxify Dysport Xeomin Dermal Filler With PRP Juvéderm Collection Sculptra Restylane Collection PRP Rejuvenation The Revanesse Collection Skinvive Skin Rejuvenation Sciton BBL Sciton MOXI Sofwave Subnovii Plasma Pen Tetra CO2 Laser Resurfacing The Ultimate Duo Virtue RF Microneedling Medical Grade Skincare Ariessence PDGF BBL Forever Clear™ Chemical Peels CoolPeel CryoClear Hydrafacial Pre and Post Care Instructions About Ericka McCarron – Owner & Founder Our Team The CoolSculpting Center of New England Cosmetic Confidence Reviews Careers Current Promotions Our Legacy Resources Gallery Alma TED Botox CoolSculpting Daxxify Dermal Filler BBL MOXI Gallery Subnovii Sculptra Medical Grade Skincare Patient Resources Cancellation Policy COVID-19 Safety Protocols First Timers Treatment Instructions Alma TED BOTOX & Dysport Chemical Peel CoolPeel CoolSculpting Dermal Filler Ipl And Laser Hair Removal Kybella Subnovii VirtueRF Video Gallery First Timers Cancellation Policy The Well Labs+ Blog FAQ’s Financing Contact Virtual Consultation Treatments Body Treatments Emsculpt Neo Coolsculpting Elite Coolsculpting for Chin Hormone Replacement Therapy Hair Solutions Alma TED Laser Hair Removal PRP Hair Restoration Wellness Peptide Therapy Weight Loss HRT O-Shot for Female Sexual Wellness Injectables Neurotoxin Botox Daxxify Dysport Xeomin Dermal Filler With PRP Juvéderm Collection Sculptra Restylane Collection PRP Rejuvenation The Revanesse Collection Skinvive Skin Rejuvenation Sciton BBL Sciton MOXI Sofwave Subnovii Plasma Pen Tetra CO2 Laser Resurfacing The Ultimate Duo Virtue RF Microneedling Medical Grade Skincare Ariessence PDGF BBL Forever Clear™ Chemical Peels CoolPeel CryoClear Hydrafacial Pre and Post Care Instructions About Ericka McCarron – Owner & Founder Our Team The CoolSculpting Center of New England Cosmetic Confidence Reviews Careers Current Promotions Our Legacy Resources Gallery Alma TED Botox CoolSculpting Daxxify Dermal Filler BBL MOXI Gallery Subnovii Sculptra Medical Grade Skincare Patient Resources Cancellation Policy COVID-19 Safety Protocols First Timers Treatment Instructions Alma TED BOTOX & Dysport Chemical Peel CoolPeel CoolSculpting Dermal Filler Ipl And Laser Hair Removal Kybella Subnovii VirtueRF Video Gallery First Timers Cancellation Policy The Well Labs+ Blog FAQ’s Financing Contact Virtual Consultation Book Now Cosmetic Confidence You deserve to put your best face forward, every single day, and we’re here to help you do so! For more than a decade now, we’ve been helping patients in the Stratham and Portsmouth areas enjoy fresh, youthful looks, and we’re excited to learn more about how we can help you absolutely love the way you look today. BOOK A CONSULTATION Your Expert Aesthetics Team Led by Ericka McCarron , the About Face — A Well Labs+ Medspa team boasts over 25 years of combined experience and is ready to help you look your absolute best, every single day. We understand that cosmetics is never a one-size-fits-all situation. Each and every patient who comes through our doors brings to us a special set of physical characteristics and a unique set of individual cosmetic goals. We’re here to unite those two things, learning everything we can about your aspirations and crafting a roadmap to the look of your dreams. We focus on a collaborative approach, meaning we’ll work closely with you to put together a treatment plan that is tailored to your specific needs, and we’ll walk you through each end every stop of your procedure, so you can know exactly what to expect before, during, and after your life-changing journey. Reach out and set up your consultation today! Set Up Your Consultation Today If you’re in Portsmouth, Stratham, or the nearby areas, and you’re ready to connect with us to learn more about what we can do for you, reach out and set up your consultation today. Whether you’re looking to walk back the clock, refreshing and rejuvenating your look, or are interested in “prejuvenation” to make sure you never lose that youthful glow, we’re here with an impressive array of non-surgical facial and body treatments that can help you both look and feel your very best. We understand that skin health is always a unique solution, so we’ll work closely with you to develop the skin care regimen that brings you in line with the results of your dreams. We’ve been creating amazing results for a decade now, and we can’t wait to help you realize your goals. Reach out and set up your consultation to learn more about what the About Face – A Well Labs+ Medspa can do for you! Testimonials Visit Us 64 Portsmouth Ave Ste 4, Stratham, NH 03885, United States Monday 9 AM – 5 PM Tuesday 9 AM – 6 PM Wednesday 9 AM – 5 PM Thursday 9 AM – 5 PM Friday 9 AM – 3 PM Saturday Closed Sunday Closed (603) 580-5296 BOOK NOW Follow Us on Instagram @aboutfacemedicalaesthetics Providers Before & After Gallery Contact FAQs Our Legacy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions BOOK NOW Questions? Hours Monda 9 am–5 pm Tuesday 9 am–6 pm Wednesday 9 am–5 pm Thursday 9 am–5 pm Friday 9 am–3 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Call (603)-580-5296 Address 64 Portsmouth Ave Ste 4, Stratham, NH 03885, United States Social @aboutfacemedicalaesthetics aboutfacemedicalaesthetics ©Well Labs+ Medspa. All rights reserved. New Clients Booking made easy and convenient. Let our team know how to reach you and we’ll help you book your appointment. First Name Last Name Phone Email By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing texts from About Face Medical Aesthetics. Msg & data rates may apply. Reply STOP to opt out. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use . Submit Form Existing Clients Visited us before? Book instantly using your account. Book Online