Staff Home About Us Staff Surface Policy Reviews Financing Services PicoSure Pro Microneedling Platelet Rich Plasma Injection Hair Transplant Technology Injectables CoolSculpting RF Micro Needling Laser Hair Removal Intense Pulsed Light Chemical Peel Laser Resurfacing DiamondGlow Men's Services Tattoo Removal Radiant Rewards Products Contact (207) 573-3110 (207) 573-3110 Home About Us Staff Surface Policy Reviews Financing Services PicoSure Pro Microneedling Platelet Rich Plasma Injection Hair Transplant Technology Injectables CoolSculpting RF Micro Needling Laser Hair Removal Intense Pulsed Light Chemical Peel Laser Resurfacing DiamondGlow Men's Services Tattoo Removal Radiant Rewards Products Contact (207) 573-3110 Staff Speak With Us Dr. David A. Branch * Plastic & Reconstructive Surgeon * Member American Society of Plastic Surgeons ﻿ Board-Certified by The American Board of Plastic Surgery Dr. David Branch specializes in facial rejuvenation, breast surgery, and body sculpting, with additional training in hand reconstruction and microsurgery. He was also a pioneer in the migraine surgery field, and is currently the only migraine surgeon north of Boston. ﻿ Part of a large family in Atlanta, Georgia, Dr. Branch grew up instilled with a creative and entrepreneurial spirit, along with a desire to find and live up to his full potential . He first became interested in medicine as a young architecture student, while building latrines and teaching English one summer in Costa Rica. While hospitalized for a broken hip a year later – an experience that made him realize the ordeal of being stripped of dignity and control as a patient, and depending on others for caring support and information – he decided to study surgery instead, and filled out his medical school applications. He eventually found that plastic surgery in particular satisfied his need for creative thinking because, much like architecture, it encompasses all ages and many components of the body. Dr. Branch attended the University of Alabama School of Medicine, where he met his wife. They were blessed with three children during Dr. Branch’s training venture over the next eight years. After Alabama, Dr. Branch trained for five years in General Surgery at the University of Virginia, followed by Maine Medical Center in Portland, Maine. He then spent two years training in plastic surgery under many wonderful and gifted surgeons in Cleveland, Ohio. Before finally settling in Bangor, Dr. Branch’s last stop was San Francisco, where he trained at the Buncke Clinic in Hand and Microsurgery. Dr. Branch started his own cosmetic and reconstructive surgery practice – Bangor Plastic and Hand Surgery – in 2000. Stephanie Dow, CMA Assistant Business Manager Bangor Plastic Manager, Surface Aesthetics Stephanie has over 20 years experience in the medical field and joined Bangor Plastic and Hand Surgery in early 2008. Her solid experience in the healthcare industry results in the ability to deal successfully with the demands of our busy and diverse practice. In addition to her extensive experience, Stephanie possesses strong communication skills, a calm and pleasant demeanor, and an innate ability to be warm and compassionate. This winning combination ensures that you will receive exceptional service and care, while visiting Bangor Plastic and Hand Surgery as well as our sister company, Surface Aesthetics. We consider her to be a huge asset to our company. Susan Grubb, RN Master Aesthetic Injector Susan received her Associate degree in Nursing from Broward College in Florida, and her Bachelor’s Degree from Pace University in New York. Susan worked for a large plastic surgery practice in Boca Raton, Florida for many years before moving to the Northeast. After moving to Maine, she worked several years in the E.R. at Eastern Maine Medical Center before joining Bangor Plastic and Hand Surgery in 2009. Susan’s proficient and skilled techniques complement the work of our Plastic Surgeon, as well as assisting those wanting a non-surgical approach to self-improvement. Her precise and thorough skills have gained the respect of patients, staff, and others in the Northeast. With a vast knowledge of patient experience and a broad medical background, Susan will execute the finest results attainable in our industry. She has obtained extensive training with Allergan, (the makers of BOTOX, JUVÉDERM, & VOLUMA), as well as for Merz (the makers of RADIESSE, BELOTERO, & XEOMIN). Dawn Caron, RN Aesthetic Injector Dawn Caron, RN, attended Husson and the University of Maine and has more than three decades of experience in Emergency Care, Labor &Delivery and Surgery. She joined Dr. Branch's surgical practice nearly 12 years ago. She was recruited initially to care for surgery patients in PreOp and Recovery and enjoys helping her patients thru the fear that often accompanies their procedures. Additionally, In May 2021 she became trained in injectables and focuses on combining the best techniques with the most comfortable approach. She has a special passion for working to achieve a very natural result and loves to educate her patients. She has been a member of the International Society of Plastic and Aesthetics Nurses since 2021. Certification in this specialty is only offered to Aesthetics Nurses who practice under a Board-Certified Plastic Surgeon. Chantal Clark, LA Senior Licensed Aesthetician Chantal originally attended the University of Connecticut to study pharmacy but ultimately decided to follow her passion for skin care. She attended the Aveda Institute in Minneapolis, Minnesota and has been a licensed aesthetician since 2001. Chantal has been with Bangor Plastic & Hand Surgery since 2006, upon approaching Dr. Branch about starting a skin center in his practice. Chantal is versed in a variety of product lines as well as various laser, light and peeling modalities. Chantal looks forward to helping you achieve your skin care goals. Kilee Whiting, LA Licensed Aesthetician After growing up in Southern Vermont Kilee attended Keene State College in New Hampshire to study Nursing before changing paths and dedicating her career to skin care. She graduated from Keene Beauty Academy in 2015 with dual-licensure in cosmetology and aesthetics. Since graduating she has worked as an aesthetician throughout New England before returning to Maine in 2020. Kilee joined Surface Aesthetics in 2022 and specializes in Tattoo Removal, Laser Hair Removal, CoolSculpting, Microneedling, Laser treatments and Skincare. Kilee looks forward to building a relationship with each and every patient as she makes them feel comfortable, confident and helps them reach their skin care goals. Cassie Lacadie, RN Aesthetic Injector Cassie received her Bachelor of Science in Nursing from the University of Maine in 2018, and her Master of Science in Nursing Education from Liberty University in 2024. Following her graduation from the University of Maine, Cassie commissioned into the United States Army Nurse Corps where she gained diverse nursing experience in hematology-oncology, labor and delivery, and postpartum care. Receiving an honorable discharge from service, Cassie moved back to Maine to grow her family, and to continue her career in Nursing Education. Cassie Joined Bangor Plastic and Hand Surgery in 2026, completing advanced training in cosmetic neurotoxin and dermal filler treatments. Her strong clinical background, attention to detail, and patient-centered approach make her a wonderful addition to our team. Contact 55 Broadway Bangor, ME 04401 Links PicoSure Pro Microneedling Platelet Rich Plasma Injection Injectables CoolSculpting RF Micro Needling Laser Hair Removal Intense Pulsed Light Chemical Peel Laser Resurfacing DiamondGlow Men's Services Copyright © Surface Aesthetics | All Rights Reserved