Deb Prescott, RN | Skin Klinic Med Spa | Rockland, Maine Book Appointment Rockland, ME 207-594-7003 ABOUT ABOUT US About Skin Klinic Med Spa Why Choose Us Patient Testimonials OUR LEADERSHIP Deb Prescott, RN Tori Lowe, PA Meghan Porter INJECTABLES WRINKLE RELAXERS BOTOX ® Cosmetic Jeuveau DAXXIFY™ Dysport COLLAGEN & DERMAL FILLERS RHA ® Collection Radiesse ® Juvederm ® Family Nonsurgical Facelift Sculptra Restylane OTHER INJECTABLES AquaGold Fine Touch Microneedling Kybella ® Chin Reduction Morpheus 8 Skin Tightening LASERS, LIGHT & ENERGY LASERS & LIGHTS PolyLight Laser Hair Removal Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) Morpheus 8 Fractional Laser CryoProbe ™ Hyfrecator FAT REDUCTION & SKIN TIGHTENING Morpheus 8 Skin Tightening Kybella ® Chin Reduction SKINCARE & BEAUTY Chemical Peels Hydra Needle Microneedling and Skin Infusion Device Collagen Regeneration Therapy CryoProbe ™ Facials & Other Cosmetic Services Nutrafol ® Consult for Prescription Cosmetic Products Skincare Products RESOURCES Events & Specials Skincare Products Fees & Financing Blog CONTACT Book Appointment Rockland, ME 207-594-7003 Deb Prescott, RN Owner of Skin Klinic Med Spa in Rockland, Maine Home ABOUT US OUR LEADERSHIP Deb Prescott, RN Deb Prescott, RN Deb loves working at the Skin Klinic alongside the utmost caring and professional staff. It’s a place where education, collaboration, and safety are a priority, along with state-of-the-art treatments for the whole person. The Skin Klinic Med Spa serves every individual—from landscaper to stylist, from local politicians to celebrities—providing diverse treatment plans to meet every client’s goals and beauty budget. “It’s an exciting place to be and learn and grow my skills,” Deb says. “There is always a new device, product, or technique we are researching to be better at our craft. It’s great to work with such a passionate group.” Deb has 19 years of experience as an accomplished emergency room nurse, forensic examiner, and medical aesthetic practitioner. Her loyal customers describe her as “calm under pressure” and feel safe with her clinical expertise as a master injector. She maintains her training in all the latest technologies and trends, delivering highly personalized care while establishing lasting relationships with her clients. Deb is known for her discreet and natural approach to medical cosmetic enhancement. She possesses a skillful eye at assessing her clients’ unique features, creating balance and accentuating beauty. Her artful ability to improve cheeks, noses, lips, chins, and jawline is part of her passion to help customers feel beautiful inside and out. You can schedule a free consultation with Deb, who will work with you to create a plan that helps you achieve your cosmetic goals while fitting within your budget. She loves to spend time getting to know each of her clients and gives careful consideration to their concerns and beauty philosophy. You can book time with Deb at Skin Klinic Med Spa in Rockland, and she also has established spas in Camden, Boothbay, Bath, Brunswick, Standish, Scarborough, and Saco as part of the Skin Klinic partner program . Deb can provide any of our cutting-edge laser treatments, facials, injectables (such as BOTOX® and fillers), laser hair removal , eyelash extensions, and more. CONTACT US Request a consultation online to meet with Deb Prescott, RN, or call (207) 594-7003 to learn more about us at Rockland, Maine′s Skin Klinic Med Spa, serving Knox, Lincoln, Cumberland, Waldo, Kennebec, Hancock, Sagadahoc, and beyond. REQUEST A CONSULTATION CONTACT US Call: 207-594-7003 Book Appointment LOCATION 14B School St, Rockland, ME 04841 We are open Monday – Thursday 9am to 5pm POLICIES Privacy Policy Sitemap Skin Klinic Med Spa offers injectable wrinkle relaxers (BOTOX®, Jeuveau®), dermal fillers to replace lost collagen (RHA®, Radiesse®, Juvederm®, Versa®), laser hair removal, intense pulsed light (IPL), Morpheus8, CryoProbe, Kybella® double chin reduction, chemical peels, AQUAGOLD®, facials, skincare products, and more treatments and services in Rockland, Maine, serving Knox, Lincoln, Cumberland, Waldo, Kennebec, Hancock, Sagadahoc, and beyond. Design & Marketing By MetaMed Marketing . 207-594-7003 Request a consultation © 2026 Skin Klinic Med Spa. All rights reserved Terms Of Use Communications through our website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by communicating through these electronic channels, you assume the risk of any unauthorized use. By checking this box you hereby agree to hold Skin Klinic and Day Spa and associated persons or organizations harmless from any hacking or any other unauthorized use of your personal information by outside parties. You understand that the act of submitting a question or a request through this contact form does not automatically make you a patient of Skin Klinic and Day Spa. X Contact Us Join our mailing list I accept the terms of use * SUBMIT X