Med Spa in North Andover, MA | Adorn Medical Aesthetics Skip to main content facebook instagram Shop | Gift Cards | Specials | Book Now | Skincare Consultation Hit enter to search or ESC to close Search Close Search Menu About Areas We Serve Meet the Team Monthly Memberships Programs Patient Reviews Financing Policies Pricing Blog Training Conditions – Acne Acne Scarring Aging Neck Double Chin Dull Skin Facial Contouring Lines & Wrinkles Melasma – Rosacea Rough/Uneven Skin Sexual Wellness Spider Veins Stretch Marks/Scars/Cellulite Sun Spots/Pigmentation Sweating – Thin Lips Thinning Hair TMJ Under Eye Rejuvenation Urinary Incontinence Volume Loss Weight Management Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers BOTOX Dysport Jeuveau XEOMIN Dermal Fillers Belotero Balance+ Juvederm Radiesse Restylane Revanesse RHA Fillers ezGEL Filler Injections Lip Filler Injections Liquid Facelift Under-Eye Rejuvenation Kybella PRP/PRF Sculptra IV Therapy Treatments – Acne BBL HERO Brows and Lashes Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Facial Medical Grade Facials Forever Clear BBL Acne Laser – Hair Restoration IPL Photofacial IV Therapy Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Rejuvenation Laser Vein Therapy – Moxi: Laser Skin Resurfacing Morpheus8 RF Microneedling PDGF: Platelet-Derived Growth Factors PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation SkinPen Microneedling Medical Weight Loss Wellness IV & IM Vitamin Therapy IM Vitamin Therapy IV Therapy Medical Weight Loss PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation Gallery Contact Virtual Consultation 978.846.6807 Shop | Gift Cards | Specials | Book Now | Skincare Consultation About Areas We Serve Meet the Team Monthly Memberships Programs Patient Reviews Financing Policies Pricing Blog Training Conditions – Acne Acne Scarring Aging Neck Double Chin Dull Skin Facial Contouring Lines & Wrinkles Melasma – Rosacea Rough/Uneven Skin Sexual Wellness Spider Veins Stretch Marks/Scars/Cellulite Sun Spots/Pigmentation Sweating – Thin Lips Thinning Hair TMJ Under Eye Rejuvenation Urinary Incontinence Volume Loss Weight Management Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers BOTOX Dysport Jeuveau XEOMIN Dermal Fillers Belotero Balance+ Juvederm Radiesse Restylane Revanesse RHA Fillers ezGEL Filler Injections Lip Filler Injections Liquid Facelift Under-Eye Rejuvenation Kybella PRP/PRF Sculptra IV Therapy Treatments – Acne BBL HERO Brows and Lashes Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Facial Medical Grade Facials Forever Clear BBL Acne Laser – Hair Restoration IPL Photofacial IV Therapy Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Rejuvenation Laser Vein Therapy – Moxi: Laser Skin Resurfacing Morpheus8 RF Microneedling PDGF: Platelet-Derived Growth Factors PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation SkinPen Microneedling Medical Weight Loss Wellness IV & IM Vitamin Therapy IM Vitamin Therapy IV Therapy Medical Weight Loss PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation Gallery Contact Virtual Consultation 978.846.6807 Med Spa in North Andover, Massachusetts At Adorn Medical Aesthetics, a med spa in North Andover , we believe there’s nothing more attractive than confidence and self-assurance. That philosophy propels us to offer cutting-edge therapies that make you feel beautiful inside and out. Our expert team, led by Jessica Bragel, is dedicated to nurturing your natural allure, enhancing your confidence, and empowering your spirit. Your journey to timeless beauty begins now. Injectables Treatments Lasers Meet Our Founder: Jessica Jessica Bragel, the visionary force behind Adorn Medical Aesthetics, is a certified aesthetic nurse injector with over a decade of experience. With a background in Emergency Medicine, Mental Health, and Medical Aesthetics, Jessica has the skills, training, and expertise to help you achieve your aesthetic goals. She believes in using the latest aesthetic medicine techniques to empower her clients. Jessica’s personalized approach ensures clients feel understood, valued, and supported in their journey to optimal wellness. MEET THE TEAM Built On Client Trust & Beautiful Results Jess Bragel and her accomplished team are renowned for consistently delivering stunning results and ensuring complete customer satisfaction. With a track record of informative and helpful service, it’s no surprise that 100% of her clients have given her rave 5-star reviews for her med spa in North Andover . Jess’s commitment to excellence and her team’s dedication to client care have made them a trusted name in the industry, where the results and customer feedback speak volumes about their expertise. SEE TESTIMONIALS 7 years of experience 2,520 clients 8,500 injection sessions Injectables Botox Botox is a cosmetic injectable that temporarily reduces fine lines and wrinkles by relaxing targeted facial muscles. Botox is particularly effective in smoothing forehead lines, crow’s feet, and frown lines. The treatment is quick, virtually painless, and provides noticeable results within days. We curate personalized treatments at our boutique med spa in North Andover, MA to ensure natural-looking outcomes. VIEW BOTOX Dysport Similar to Botox, Dysport is composed of botulinum toxin, which is injected into specific facial muscles to temporarily relax them. This results in the reduction of wrinkles and fine lines, particularly in areas like the forehead and around the eyes. Dysport is known for its fast-acting properties, with results often appearing within days. VIEW DYSPORT Dermal Fillers At Adorn Medical Aesthetics, our med spa in North Andover offers a range of dermal fillers , including Belotero Balance+, Juvéderm, Radiesse, Restylane, Revanesse, and RHA Fillers. These fillers consist of biocompatible substances that are injected into targeted areas of the face, such as lips, cheeks, and nasolabial folds. They offer immediate and natural-looking results, helping you achieve a refreshed and vibrant appearance without surgery. VIEW DERMAL FILLERS "ADORN: to make MORE beautiful, to enhance the appearance, to embellish, to beautify." Laser Treatments BBL Adorn Medical Aesthetics uses cutting-edge laser technologies for safe, consistent results. We use BroadBand Light technologies, including BBL HERO, BBL Forever Young, and Forever BARE BBL, to address a wide range of skin concerns, from pigmentation issues to signs of aging. With our advanced technologies, we help you achieve (and maintain) smooth, soft, glowing skin without downtime. VIEW BBL Moxi Laser Moxi Laser by Sciton is a gentle yet powerful 1927nm fractionated laser technology. Moxi promotes natural collagen production and skin rejuvenation without stripping the epidermis, leading to safe, naturalized results without downtime. Moxi Laser is ideal for individuals seeking to address or prevent signs of aging, sun damage, uneven skin tone, and texture irregularities. It’s the ultimate solution for skin rejuvenation and prejuvenation! VIEW MOXI LASER Laser Hair Removal Laser hair removal targets unwanted hair follicles, inhibiting their future growth. The Forever BARE BBL technology elevates this treatment, offering a faster, safer, and more comfortable experience. Suitable for all skin tones and hair types, it promises significant hair reduction in a few sessions. VIEW LASER HAIR REMOVAL Top-Rated Skin Rejuvenation Stimulate Collagen and Tighten Your Skin Morpheus8 Treatment Morpheus8 is an innovative cosmetic procedure offered at our med spa in North Andover that combines microneedling and radiofrequency (RF) technology to rejuvenate the skin. It creates controlled micro-injuries with tiny needles while delivering RF energy to stimulate collagen and elastin production. This process improves skin texture, reduces wrinkles, and enhances skin firmness. It can be further enhanced by incorporating PRP or PRF for even more remarkable results. VIEW MORPHEUS8 DiamondGlow Treatment DiamondGlow offers a noninvasive way to revitalize and enhance the skin’s health. It combines exfoliation, extraction, and infusion with medical-grade serums to achieve a radiant complexion. The procedure can address various skin concerns, including fine lines, uneven tone, clogged pores, and dryness. We can also elevate the experience with the DiamondGlow Signature Facial and Diamond Glow Deluxe Facial w/ Dermaplane for comprehensive skin rejuvenation. VIEW DIAMONDGLOW Acne Treatment Looking for clearer, acne-free skin? At our med spa in North Andover , Adorn Medical Aesthetics offers a comprehensive range of advanced acne treatments, including BBL Forever Clear, DiamondGlow, and Morpheus8. These targeted solutions address the root causes of acne, such as inflammation, excess oil production, and clogged pores, helping you achieve a smoother, clearer complexion. VIEW ACNE TREATMENT REAL PATIENTS REAL RESULTS VIEW GALLERY “ Yamilex M. “ This was my first time getting lip filler and I choose the perfect place to do it. I love my results!! Jess made me feel super comfortable throughout the entire procedure. I explained to her what I wanted and she exceeded my expectations... ” “ Tanya A. “ If you’re nervous or it’s your first time getting injections or anything done come to this place! I got eye and lip fillers. Outstanding service! Jess and her team are phenomenal. Incredibly flexible, detail oriented, transparent... ” “ Lindsey C. “ Jess is great! I was a little apprehensive about getting lip filler, but she went over everything so thoroughly. She asked tons of questions about what my goals were, and did a fabulous job achieving them... ” “ Bianca B. “ I first have to say that I have had my lips done at 5 different places over the last 6 years, but always kept looking for other places because I was never satisfied. After going to Adorn and seeing Jess-my lips have never looked better... ” “ Francesca Z. “ I first saw Jess in April after contemplating getting my lips and some Botox done for months. I'm so glad I chose her to do it. Her space is beautiful and clean and she's amazing at what she does... ” “ Danielle C. “ I started going to Adorn Medical Aesthetics for lip filler with Jess - she is such a professional and perfectionist, which is exactly what you want when getting this service... ” Let's Get Social @adornmed ✨ The power of lower face balancing. This beautif Unlock the secret to youthful skin with Sculptra! Give your lips the summer glow they deserve!💋☀️ S ☀️ Summer is here! Keep your skin glowing and hydr FOLLOW US HERE Shop Financing Specials Check out our current specials! Book Your Consultation! Your journey to timeless beauty awaits. Adorn Medical Aesthetics offers a sanctuary where your natural beauty is celebrated and elevated. Explore our array of treatments, from powerful cosmetic injectables like Botox and Dysport to cutting-edge lasers and skin rejuvenation techniques, designed to empower your journey to wellness. Embrace your radiant self — book your consultation at our med spa in North Andover today and let us enhance your confidence and beauty. Schedule a Consultation Enhance Your Natural Beauty. BOOK NOW About Conditions Injectables Treatments Gallery Training Contact 978.846.6807 5 Stars from 89 Reviews Leave a Review Adorn Medical Aesthetics 73 Main Street North Andover, MA 01845 Adorn Med Spa in North Andover offers premium aesthetic treatments, including dermal fillers , laser hair removal , Botox , and more, to help you look and feel your best. Experience personalized care and cutting-edge services in a relaxing, luxury environment. © 2026 Adorn Medical Aesthetics | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Website and Marketing: S3E, Digital Marketing Company Los Angeles Contact Us 978.846.6807