Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND | Inbloom Health + Medispa Request Consultation Book Online Membership Book Online (603) 818-8777 Londonderry, NH Book Online Menu Book Online Appointment (603) 818-8777 Back All Treatments About Us Patient Resources Shop Gallery Testimonials Contact Us Careers Injectables & Fillers Botox Dermal Fillers Sculptra PRF | PRP Radiesse Lip Filler Cheek Filler Ozempic Face Treatment Skin Treatments Microneedling RF Microneedling Skinwave Facial Skin Tightening PDO Thread Lifts BioRePeelCI3 Chemical Peels SKINVIVE Skincare Laser & Energy Laser Skin Treatments Laser Hair Removal Laser Resurfacing Subnovii Sofwave IPL Laser Genesis Wellness Wellness Overview HRT Hypothyroidism Sexual Health Weight Loss Menopause & Perimenopause Treatment ThermiVa Body Sculpting CoolSculpting Physiq Z Wave Conditions Acne Rosacea Melasma Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND Providers Meet The Team In The Media Payment Plans Membership Blog Events & Offers Accessibility (603) 818-8777 Appointment Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND Wellness & Anti-Aging Specialist located in Londonderry, NH Home About Dr tanya lawson About Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND, is a licensed naturopathic doctor at Inbloom Health + Medispa, a premier spa in Londonderry, New Hampshire. She has been helping patients meet their health and beauty goals since 2006. Dr. Lawson specializes in aesthetic, anti-aging and functional medicine. Her personalized approach allows her to combine the best in cutting edge wellness treatments and aesthetics, positioning her to provide her patients the very best care to meet their goals. She has completed extensive training in anti-aging therapies such as injectables (botox, fillers, PRP), CoolSculpting, laser and many other therapies. However, wellness is an important part of her practice; her personalized, approach allows her to uncover the underlying causes of aging, dull skin, acne, fatigue, hormone problems, thyroid issues, digestive problems, weight gain, and stress. Book An Appointment with Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND Originally from Canada, she graduated magna cum laude from the University of Ottawa in Ontario, where she completed pre-medical studies and received her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology. She was the recipient of numerous scholar awards during this time. Dr. Lawson completed her Doctorate in Naturopathic Medicine at the Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine in Toronto, where she received the Women’s Health Award for excellence in women’s health promotion. Dr. Lawson enjoys helping others achieve a natural, refreshed, youthful beauty from the inside out. Dr. Lawson has trained with many of the top injectors in North America which allows her to offer a truly personalized approach to aesthetics. She has completed advanced training in aesthetics from the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine, the International Association of Physicians for Aesthetic Medicine, the Cellular Medicine Association, Specialty Med Training, the Audrey Rose Institute and many other sought after trainings. Dr. Lawson has also completed professional training in mind-body medicine and psychology at Harvard Medical School in Boston, and stress management and weight loss training at Benson-Henry Medical Institute for Mind-Body Medicine, also in Boston. Meet Dr. Tanya Lawson Dr. Lawson began practicing in 2006 after founding two integrative health centers and a medical spa that focused on noninvasive dermatological treatments and other anti-aging procedures. Her work earned Dr. Lawson the title of Young Entrepreneur of the Year at the regional business achievement awards. She also taught post-secondary continuing education at Loyalist College in Belleville, Ontario. Since moving to the United States in 2013, Dr. Lawson has consulted for a nationally recognized cancer hospital in Atlanta and the largest integrative medical clinic in the southeast and also participated in research, which presentations at two national conferences accepted. Dr. Lawson returned to her passion of combining wellness with aesthetics in private practice in 2015 when she opened Inbloom Health + Medispa. She was recently recognized in Derry News and Windham Magazine’s “Best of Windham” for the Best Doctor category in 2020 and 2021. Inbloom also received Best Medspa category in the 2022 Best of the 603 awards. She serves as President of the Aesthetic Medical Providers of NH and is a member of New Hampshire Association of Naturopathic Doctors, The American Medical Spa Association and the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine. Dr. Lawson is also an active volunteer with New Hampshire’s Medical Reserve Corps. She is constantly learning about the newest treatments and maintains her advanced credentials with continuing education. She has lectured at national conventions and has written for professional magazines. Dr. Lawson even appeared as a wellness expert on television and radio, and in print. Patients describe her as warm, energetic, and caring, Dr. Lawson enjoys coaching patients to take an active role in their wellness to stay happy and healthy, to feel their best, and thrive in everything they do. In her free time, she enjoys spending time with her husband and three beautiful daughters. Dr. Lawson welcomes new and existing patients to Inbloom Health + Medispa and looks forward to helping them reach their health and beauty goals. Services What We Offer CoolSculpting Botox® RF Microneedling Dermal Fillers Microneedling Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Treatments Skin Tightening Weight Loss Wellness Sexual Health Hypothyroid Hormone Replacement Therapy Laser Resurfacing Subnovii Skinwave Facial Z Wave Membership Programs Helping Your Beauty Grow Schedule Your Inbloom Health + Medispa Consultation Today Nothing is more important to us at Inbloom Health + Medispa than giving our patients the information they need to make the choices that are right for them and their health. Whether you are seeking wellness advice or interested in our medical aesthetic treatments, appointments may be made with Dr. Tanya Lawson and her staff right away, so stop on by and see us! We are pleased to extend our services to Londonderry, Windham, Derry, Pelham, Hudson, Salem, Bedford, and Manchester communities. Please call (603) 818-8777 or Book your treatment online now . If you have any questions please fill out the short contact form. 25 Buttrick Road, Suite C1, Londonderry, NH 03053 25 Buttrick Road, Suite C1, Londonderry NH 03053 Mon 9AM - 5PM Tues 9AM - 7PM Wed 9AM - 1PM Thurs 9AM - 7PM Fri 8AM - 4PM Sat & Sun Closed 5.0 from 148+ Reviews Medspa Marketing © 2026 Inbloom Health + Medispa All Rights Reserved | Sitemap | Services | Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Careers