Advanced Clinical Aesthetics Portland | Laser Skin Solutions Skip to Content chevron-left chevron-right chevron-up chevron-right chevron-left arrow-back star phone quote checkbox-checked search wrench info shield play connection mobile coin-dollar spoon-knife ticket pushpin location gift fire feed bubbles home heart calendar price-tag credit-card clock envelop facebook instagram twitter youtube pinterest yelp google reddit linkedin envelope bbb pinterest homeadvisor angies Search for: 971-383-4283 menu Laser Hair Removal Body Contouring & Cellulite Treatments Microneedling IPL Photofacial Skin Tightening More Aesthetic Treatments Medical-Grade Facials Advanced Acne Treatments Advanced Hair Restoration Chemical Peels Lash Lift & Tint Laser Spider Vein and Cherry Angioma Removal Teeth Whitening Payment Plans Contact Us Customer Reviews Skin Care Products Memberships & Rewards Promotional Offers Gift Cards Search for: Laser Hair Removal Body Contouring & Cellulite Treatments Microneedling IPL Photofacial Skin Tightening More Aesthetic Treatments show submenu Medical-Grade Facials Advanced Acne Treatments Advanced Hair Restoration Chemical Peels Lash Lift & Tint Laser Spider Vein and Cherry Angioma Removal Teeth Whitening Payment Plans Contact Us Customer Reviews Skin Care Products Memberships & Rewards Promotional Offers Gift Cards Portland’s Premier Spa For Advanced Laser Hair Removal, Skin Rejuvenation & Body Sculpting At Laser Skin Solutions, we combine medical-grade technology with personalized care to deliver real results. In our modern Portland clinic, we offer a comprehensive range of services designed to help you feel confident in your skin. Our Specialized Services Include: Laser Hair Removal: Effective, long-lasting hair reduction for all skin types. Skin Rejuvenation: Advanced Facials, IPL photofacials and microneedling RF to target signs of aging and scarring. Corrective Care: Expert acne treatments, spider vein removal, and chemical peels. Body Sculpting: Non-invasive body contouring and cellulite solutions to tone and shape. Visit our clinic in NW Portland and our team of experienced providers will to guide your aesthetic journey. If you’re unsure of what treatments will best help you achieve your goals, schedule your free initial consultation and speak with our estheticians to see how we can help you. Microneedling In order to make your skin look its best, we provide microneedling in a few different forms to ensure successful wrinkling reduction and scar treatments with each of our clients. We can quickly and safely repeat this process with little to no downtime by allowing the epidermis to stay intact. Check out our microneedling options in our Portland location. Be sure to schedule a free consultation if you are unsure about which option is best for you Body Contouring & Cellulite Treatments Because every body is not the same, Laser Skin Solutions has a few different body contouring and cellulite treatment options in Portland to help clients shed inches and improve the skins texture in those trouble areas that can’t be targeted using diet and exercise. Feel free to schedule your free consultation to see how our body contouring options can help your achieve your goals. Skin Tightening We use radio frequency in Portland OR as a firming anti wrinkle treatment. In this non-invasive procedure to have your skin produce more elastin and collagen, resulting in tighter, and smoother skin. This results in a lifted, firmer skin reducing the appearance of wrinkles, fine lines, loose skin along the jawline, under the chin, and just about anywhere on the body. Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Solutions offers safe and effective laser hair removal treatments in our Portland OR location. We've done the research for you, we offer the best value on laser hair removal. Our estheticians are experts in Laser Hair Removal and will help you ditch the razors and painful waxing treatments for good! IPL Photofacials Our IPL (Intense Pulsed Light) photofacial skin rejuvenation services in Portland help undo the damage done to your skin by the sun’s harsh rays, reduce wrinkles, treat acne and rosacea. IPL therapy gives our clients a modern way to reduce fine lines and increase skin elasticity by using broadband lights to induce controlled wounds. Facials There’s no one-size-fits-all for facial services. We provide our clients with 8 different facial options to help them achieve their skin health and appearance goals in our Portland location. This allows us to use various treatments and only the best product matched to your specific skin care goals, we can help reverse the and prevent the signs of aging, reduce wrinkles, treat acne, and so much more. Hair Restoration Thanks to modern advances in hair follicle science, we can offer this non-invasive and proven effective method in our Portland location. Our microneedling process injects a clinically developed hair restoration solution developed using stem cells that can only be administered by a certified provider. This stimulates tissue regeneration and growth of the hair follicles at the base. Chemical Peels Our team at Laser Skin Solutions has used chemical peels in Portland with clients looking to achieve the best skin possible. Our professional staff has studied the best ways to deliver these services to assist clients with getting younger-looking skin and battling wrinkles with several different peel options including the world renowned VI Peel. Lashes If your lashes need a lift or tint, we have you covered. We help simplify your morning routine and let you put down the liner, lash curler and mascara. We take your straight lashes and give them curl and color that lasts up to eight weeks. This service is available in our Portland location. Advanced Acne Treatment As a Face Reality Certified Acne Expert, our advanced acne treatments in Portland come backed by industry-leading training and technology. All our estheticians have experience in delivering these services and can help reduce and ultimately eliminate your acne. Spider Vein and Cherry Angioma Removal We treat your facial spider veins, often found on the cheeks and nose, and cherry angiomas any where on your body with our laser that pinpoints the desired area, damages them, and then closes them up so they can no longer be seen, often in just one visit. These services are available in our Portland location. Teeth Whitening We only use Beaming white dentist grade whitening agents and provide a few teeth whitening treatment options depending on the discoloration and your desired level of whiteness. The non-invasive procedure requires little preparation and does no further damage to your teeth. ou can brighten your smile in just one visit to our Portland location. More Than Just Skin Care Solutions To be one of the leading providers in our community, we knew we had to provide more than laser skin treatments. We start by chatting with you about your journey and then providing options for treatments on how to get you to your destination. From start to finish, it’s all about you. Our mission is to have you love the skin you’re in by offering many different options for aesthetic, medical aesthetic and body contouring services. We’ve helped so many of our clients reach their goals as we developed personalized treatment plans and realistic timelines for goal achievement. Let us know your goals and timeline, and we will see that you’re ready for your big day or on the right path to the skin rejuvenation or appearance you desire. Book Your Skin Care Or Body Sculpting Treatment In Portland. Free Consultations Modern & Innovative Equipment That Gets the Job Done No matter the skin health or aesthetic treatments required, we use modern and innovative technology to support you as you accomplish your goals. Body sculpting treatments like CoolPlas, Cavi-Lipo, Vela Shape and EMS Body Contouring help sculpt your body in ways that diet and exercise alone cannot achieve with targeted fat loss. You can turn back the time with our medical aesthetic treatments such as collagen induction therapies, and anti-aging facials while our advanced acne treatments also help in keeping your skin clearer for longer. Schedule your free initial consultation today to see how we can assist you on your journey to better skincare and appearance. Learn More about our payment plan options Clinical Insights & Expert Advice The Portland Guide to Regenerative Skin Rejuvenation: 2026 Trends 7 Examples of Medical Aesthetic Procedures Explained Laser Skin Rejuvenation: Transforming Aging Skin Safely Step by Step Skin Rejuvenation Guide for Radiant Results Why Opt for Professional Skin Treatments Today 6 Essential Wrinkle Reduction Tips for Smoother Skin 7 Key Facial Rejuvenation Steps for Youthful Skin Book Your Skin Care Or Body Sculpting Treatment In Portland. Free Consultations Located In Portland OR 2250 NW Flanders ST, Suite 111, Portland OR, 97210 Our Portland location is a 2200 square ft clinic with 8 treatment rooms and 13 different pieces of equipment allowing us to meet all of your skin care and body contouring needs. Located in Portland’s Alphabet district just of of NW 23rd st with onsite parking available. Hours of Operation Open 7 days a week 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM View Photos Of This Location Back to the top 2250 NW Flanders st, suite 111 Portland, Oregon 97210 Operating Hours : Sunday - Saturday 9am-7pm Contact Info: Call (971)383-4283 Email : Contact@laserskinsolutionsportland.com The information provided on this website is for general educational purposes only and does not constitute medical advice. Results of treatments may vary between individuals. Please consult with our qualified medical professionals at Laser Skin Solutions Portland for a personalized assessment and treatment plan. facebook instagram youtube yelp google © 2026 Laser Skin Solutions. All Rights Reserved. Laser Skin Solutions In Portland OR Accessibility Statement Contact Us Customer Reviews Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Meet The Team X 💥 NEW CLIENT PROMOTION 20% OFF ALL TREATMENTS AND PACKAGES Don't miss out on our biggest NEW CLIENT event! Save big on your favorite treatments and packages for a limited time. Visit Our Promotional Offers 💥 NEW CLIENT PROMOTION 20% OFF ALL TREATMENTS AND PACKAGES — Limited time savings! View Offers X