#1 Med Spa in Manchester, NH | Laser, Facials & Botox Skip to content ¡Hablamos español! Agenda tu consulta hoy. Home About About Us Our Owners Meet the Staff Testimonials Services Injectables Botox Botox Cosmetic Botox for TMJ Daxxify Dysport Dermal Fillers Juvéderm Restylane Sculptra Face Alma Hybrid AquaGold Fine Touch Brows & Lashes Chemical Peels Dermaplaning Glo2Facial HydraFacial Microneedling Procell Microchanneling Sylfirm Dual Wave RF Microneedling System Laser Facial Body CoolSculpting ELITE Sylfirm Dual Wave RF Microneedling System Laser Hair Removal Peptide Therapy Weight Management Spray Tanning DaVinci Teeth Whitening Hair Restoration Skincare Specials Limited Time Deals COOLSCULPTING® ELITE BUY 1 AREA, GET 1 AREA 50% OFF $100 OFF Tox Treatment Monthly Specials Gift Cards Financing Cherry CareCredit Affirm Klarna Contact Book Online Home About About Us Our Owners Meet the Staff Testimonials Services Injectables Botox Botox Cosmetic Botox for TMJ Daxxify Dysport Dermal Fillers Juvéderm Restylane Sculptra Face Alma Hybrid AquaGold Fine Touch Brows & Lashes Chemical Peels Dermaplaning Glo2Facial HydraFacial Microneedling Procell Microchanneling Sylfirm Dual Wave RF Microneedling System Laser Facial Body CoolSculpting ELITE Sylfirm Dual Wave RF Microneedling System Laser Hair Removal Peptide Therapy Weight Management Spray Tanning DaVinci Teeth Whitening Hair Restoration Skincare Specials Limited Time Deals COOLSCULPTING® ELITE BUY 1 AREA, GET 1 AREA 50% OFF $100 OFF Tox Treatment Monthly Specials Gift Cards Financing Cherry CareCredit Affirm Klarna Contact Book Online (603) 627-7000 (603) 627-7000 Home About About Us Our Owners Meet the Staff Testimonials Services Injectables Botox Botox Cosmetic Botox for TMJ Daxxify Dysport Dermal Fillers Juvéderm Restylane Sculptra Face Alma Hybrid AquaGold Fine Touch Brows & Lashes Chemical Peels Dermaplaning Glo2Facial HydraFacial Microneedling Procell Microchanneling Sylfirm Dual Wave RF Microneedling System Laser Facial Body CoolSculpting ELITE Sylfirm Dual Wave RF Microneedling System Laser Hair Removal Peptide Therapy Weight Management Spray Tanning DaVinci Teeth Whitening Hair Restoration Skincare Specials Limited Time Deals COOLSCULPTING® ELITE BUY 1 AREA, GET 1 AREA 50% OFF $100 OFF Tox Treatment Monthly Specials Gift Cards Financing Cherry CareCredit Affirm Klarna Contact Book Online Home About About Us Our Owners Meet the Staff Testimonials Services Injectables Botox Botox Cosmetic Botox for TMJ Daxxify Dysport Dermal Fillers Juvéderm Restylane Sculptra Face Alma Hybrid AquaGold Fine Touch Brows & Lashes Chemical Peels Dermaplaning Glo2Facial HydraFacial Microneedling Procell Microchanneling Sylfirm Dual Wave RF Microneedling System Laser Facial Body CoolSculpting ELITE Sylfirm Dual Wave RF Microneedling System Laser Hair Removal Peptide Therapy Weight Management Spray Tanning DaVinci Teeth Whitening Hair Restoration Skincare Specials Limited Time Deals COOLSCULPTING® ELITE BUY 1 AREA, GET 1 AREA 50% OFF $100 OFF Tox Treatment Monthly Specials Gift Cards Financing Cherry CareCredit Affirm Klarna Contact Book Online Start your beauty revolution BOOK NOW TREATMENTS FEATURED IN: Do more for your skin & body with elite treatments at Pellé We offer revolutionary treatments, such as CoolSculpting & Botox, that have proven effective for millions of patients around the world. From skin-perfecting to teeth whitening & hair restoration- we have all you need to look & feel better than ever. FEATURED SERVICES We have the treatments to get you lasting, natural-looking, and noticeable results. Achieve greater fat reduction with CoolSculpting. Take back your youth and vitality with Botox and Dermal Fillers. coolsculpting The world’s leading non-surgical fat reduction treatment. Millions of men and women are freezing fat and reducing stubborn bulges such as belly fat, love handles, double chins, and more. Get results that look natural and last long! READ MORE dermal fillers Juvéderm and Restylane are popular dermal fillers used to enhance lips and smooth wrinkles. These cosmetic injections restore volume loss and fill in fine lines & wrinkles around the mouth, nose, and chin for a youthful appearance. READ MORE botox Botox is the #1 cosmetic treatment in the world. The injections smooth out crow’s feet, forehead wrinkles, and brow lines. Expert injectors administer Botox to ensure natural-looking results that leave you looking more radiant than ever. READ MORE Injectables Botox Turn back the clock with Botox, the most popular cosmetic treatment in the world. Millions of men and women choose Botox every year to smooth fine lines and wrinkles around the eyes and brows. Soften the appearance of expression lines throughout the face and neck. Fast, safe, and effective treatments deliver natural-looking results that last. LEARN MORE Dysport Restore a youthful profile with quick and effective treatments. Dysport is an FDA-approved cosmetic injection treatment that slows the signs of aging by smoothing out fine lines and wrinkles. Ideal for treating larger surface areas such as the forehead. Enjoy natural-looking results for up to 3-4 months. Little to no downtime is required. LEARN MORE Juvederm Fillers The Juvéderm collection is one of the top-selling collections of Hyaluronic acid fillers. When administered by professionals, filler treatments reverse signs of aging by filling in fine lines and wrinkles, lifting sunken areas, and plumping areas suffering from age-related volume loss. Juvéderm can also improve acne scars. LEARN MORE Restylane Fillers The Restylane collection is also a top-selling collection of Hyaluronic acid fillers. When administered by professionals, fillers reverse signs of aging by filling in fine lines and wrinkles, lifting sunken areas, and plumping areas suffering from age-related volume loss. Restylane is also a popular lip injection treatment. LEARN MORE Botox for TMJ Experience lasting relief with Botox for TMJ, a trusted, non-surgical solution for temporomandibular joint disorders. Botox effectively treats jaw pain, muscle tension, teeth grinding, and TMJ-related headaches. These fast, safe treatments target the overactive jaw muscles that cause your discomfort, reducing pain and improving jaw function, so you can get back to eating, speaking, and living comfortably without TMJ pain. LEARN MORE face AquaGold Tighten and rejuvenate the skin with revolutionary, non-invasive technology. The AquaGold fine touch, a gold-plated hair-fine needle system, stimulates collagen, boosts elastin production and improves elasticity in order to smooth, renew, and plump the skin. Improve elasticity on the forehead, around the eyes, cheeks, and more. LEARN MORE ALMA Hybrid CO2 Laser Alma Hybrid uses advanced fractional CO₂ laser technology to reduce fine lines, wrinkles, and sun damage while improving the texture and appearance of the skin on the face, neck, and body. This dual-wavelength treatment resurfaces the skin’s surface and stimulates deep collagen production, resulting in smoother, firmer, and more radiant skin. Alma Hybrid treatments help minimize pores, diminish acne scars, and tighten the skin for a more youthful, rejuvenated appearance. LEARN MORE Brows & Lashes Enhance the appearance of your eyebrows and lashes with lash and brow tinting. A semi-permanent dye is applied to your brows to help them look fuller and more shapely. This dye can be applied to the lashes as well to make them look fuller and longer. Save time on your daily makeup routine with brow and lash tinting. LEARN MORE CASMARA Facial Treatments Choose from three Casmara facial treatments – the facial hygiene mask, the firming effect mask, and the revitalizing mask to rejuvenate your appearance. Casmara treatments are unique solutions made with high-quality, exclusive ingredients. Restore your skin with facials designed for all skin types. LEARN MORE Chemical Peels Rejuvenate your skin’s texture, tone, and appearance with advanced skin resurfacing from chemical peels. This facial treatment minimizes skin discolorations, visible pores, and acne scarring. Chemical peels stimulate cellular turnover by safely removing the top layer of dead skin cells. Reveal fresh, smooth, and unblemished skin. LEARN MORE Dermaplaning Uncover a smoother and brighter complexion. Dermaplaning regenerates skin and increases cellular turnover by removing the dead, dull outer layer of skin with a gentle scraping method. Remove peach fuzz in non-invasive, safe, and effective treatments. Safe for all skin types. Dermaplaning also enhances the effects of other skin treatments. LEARN MORE Glo2Facial Even skin tone, minimize lines and wrinkles, remove impurities, and more with this innovative facial. Glo2Facial harnesses the power of oxygen to help you achieve firmer, more youthful-looking, healthier skin. Optimize your skin no matter the skin type, age, or season. LEARN MORE Hydrafacial Experience noticeable skin perfection with the 3-step HydraFacial system. Gentle extraction and suction cleanse pores of debris and thoroughly resurface the skin. Innovative hydradermabrasion reveals fresh, radiant skin below the surface. Finally, specially formulated super serums and intense moisturizers provide ultra-hydration. LEARN MORE Laser Facial Stimulate and regenerate your cells, treat hyperpigmentation and redness, and get smoother, clearer skin with our laser facial. This non-invasive procedure uses intense pulsed light to penetrate the deeper layers of skin to boost collagen production and promote cell turnover to help you restore a more youthful appearance. LEARN MORE Microneedling Repair and restore your skin. Microneedling stimulates the body’s own healing and promotes collagen and elastin for a more youthful, bright appearance. Treatments also increase the effectiveness of skin care products and treatments. Minimize pores and fine lines, improve acne scars and sun damage, and revive dull, damaged skin. LEARN MORE Procell Microchanneling Reduce the appearance of wrinkles and lines, shrink pores, and achieve a smooth and clear complexion with Procell Microchanneling. This advanced treatment boosts collagen production to give lasting results with minimal downtime. LEARN MORE Skin Tightening with Sylfirm Sylfirm uses advanced technology to reduce lines and wrinkles and improve the texture and appearance of the skin on the face, neck, arms, abdomen, thighs, and buttocks. This innovative treatment stimulates collagen and elastin production, resulting in smoother, firmer skin. Sylfirm treatments help tighten the skin for a more youthful, lifted appearance. LEARN MORE Body CoolSculpting CoolSculpting is the most popular non-invasive, fat-reducing treatment in the world. Revolutionary technology uses controlled cooling to freeze and eliminate unwanted fat cells without surgery, needles, or downtime. This outstanding body contouring procedure is safe, effective, and FDA-cleared. Results are long-lasting and look natural. LEARN MORE Laser Hair Removal Get silky smooth skin with laser hair removal from the Luvo Lucent IPL system. Laser hair removal provides permanent hair removal from the chest, back, arms, legs, bikini area, and more. This highly effective treatment from Luvo Lucent IPL is less painful than traditional lasers. About 4-6 treatments may be required for optimal results. LEARN MORE Peptide Therapy Weight Management Achieve sustainable weight management with advanced GLP-1 peptide therapy. This medical weight management program combines proven peptide injections with personalized coaching. The science-backed treatment enhances fullness, boosts metabolism, and regulates blood sugar for lasting results. Most patients see significant improvements within the first few weeks of treatment. LEARN MORE Spray Tanning Achieve a natural, radiant glow with Aviva Labs professional spray tanning. This dermatologist-approved, medical-grade formula uses only 13 clean ingredients to deliver streak-free, golden color without harmful UV exposure. The oil-free, alcohol-free solution provides instant results that last 5-7 days while nourishing your skin. Perfect for all skin types, including sensitive skin, with no orange tones guaranteed. LEARN MORE Davinci Teeth Whitening DAVINCI TEETH WHITENING Stained teeth are a common cosmetic concern that can occur from age, smoking, or other conditions. Davinci Teeth Whitening combines LED laser technology and a specific whitening gel in minimally invasive treatments to effectively brighten teeth up to 14 shades. With proper maintenance, your new and improved smile can last a lifetime. LEARN MORE Hair Restoration Hair Restoration Grow thicker, fuller hair with cutting-edge technology. Non-surgical hair restoration treatments are for men and women that experience unwanted thinning or hair loss. Plasma and growth factors from your own body are used in a serum that is injected into the scalp. 2-3 treatments are typically recommended. No surgery or downtime is required. LEARN MORE FACE Discover smoother, more rejuvenated skin with the best facials, injections, and treatments in the cosmetic industry. BODY Renew confidence in your body with non-surgical treatments that reduce fat and more. LEGS Get smooth, silky skin with revolutionary treatments that eliminate unwanted hair, scarring, and other imperfections. TESTIMONIALS I had my first visit at Pellé Medical Spa with Kristin G. I can’t say enough great things about my experience. Kristin is extremely knowledgeable, so it gave me great peace of mind before the procedure started. I did the Sylfirm X treatment, which was quick and so easy compared to other places that I had this same procedure done. Every employee I encountered was happy and motivated, and so willing to help and answer any questions. My new go-to place for sure! This place is top notch, a real jewel for Manch. – Lisa D. We have been seeing Jenn, she’s amazing. My daughter started visiting her to resolve her acne. We’ve done the Hydrafacial, a peel, and she has also helped us with my daughter’s skincare routine. She is so sweet and personable, too. After just a few visits, my daughter is doing much better. Highly recommend! – Kady M. I went there for the first time on Thursday and met with Kristin; everyone in the office was very friendly and inviting. Kristin hooked me up, and I can’t wait to see my results. I will definitely be going back again, VERY soon!! Highly recommended, priced well, a beautiful spot, and she knew her stuff. Thank you, Kristin!! – Alica L. I’ve been seeing Jenn Angel at Pellé for aesthetic services since 2018. Hydrafacials, dermaplanes, VI peel, Perfect Derma Peel, laser, Procell micro channeling, and so many more! I would highly recommend Jenn and Pellé to anyone looking for aesthetic services. You won’t be disappointed! – Alexandra F. Walking into Pellé was like walking into a calm oasis. The staff was helpful and kind, the atmosphere was relaxed and clean, and I did not have to wait to be seen. I had my consultation for CoolSculpting with Melissa. She listened to my concerns and explained the experience I would have, right down to how the procedure works scientifically. I highly recommend visiting Pellé Medical Spa for any of your concerns. – Suzanna T. I am not one to typically go to a medical spa, but my wife works at Pellé. I have been experiencing pain from TMJ (Jaw pain). My wife informed me that Botox could help. I met with Chrissy. She is very impressive! Fast-forward a week and a half, and feels so much better! – Kevin B. See More Testimonials New Hampshire’s Premier Medical Spa for Aesthetic Excellence Pellé Medical Spa is the leading destination for beauty and confidence in New Hampshire. Recognized as a top provider of Botox®, dermal fillers, and CoolSculpting®, Pellé combines medical expertise with the latest technology to deliver exceptional, natural-looking results. From skin rejuvenation to full-body transformations, Pellé is a one-stop shop for all things beauty. Our expert injectors and aesthetic professionals specialize in advanced, customized treatments that help clients look and feel their best—without ever looking overdone. Medically Led, Expertly Delivered: All injectables and advanced aesthetic treatments are performed by skilled medical professionals with years of experience. Personalized Plans, Visible Results: No cookie-cutter treatments here. Each service, from HydraFacials to body contouring, is customized to meet individual skin and body goals. One Destination. Full Transformation: From Botox® to blowouts, microneedling to microblading—Pellé offers everything beauty under one roof, blending medspa expertise with salon luxury. Advanced Technology, Artistic Precision: Only the most innovative, results-driven treatments are offered, including CoolSculpting® Elite, AquaGold® and top-tier fillers, expertly paired with aesthetic artistry for consistently refined outcomes. New Hampshire’s #1 Choice for Injectables & Body Contouring: Recognized statewide for Botox®, dermal fillers, and CoolSculpting®, Pellé is known for its unmatched skill, results, and reputation. WELCOME TO PELLE MEDSPA Begin your customized treatment plan today and take one step closer to achieving the ultimate results. Book your initial consultation appointment to meet with one of our expert providers to discuss your desired results. From our transformational aesthetic services, we are confident we can help you reach your beauty and body goals. LEARN MORE Refer a Friend, Get Rewarded Share the love. When you refer a friend, you both receive $50 off your next service of $200 or more. It’s our way of saying thank you for trusting us and spreading the word. How it works: Refer a friend They book a qualifying service ($200+) You both receive $50 off Terms apply. WELCOME TO PELLE MEDSPA Begin your customized treatment plan today and take one step closer to achieving the ultimate results. Book your initial consultation appointment to meet with one of our expert providers to discuss your desired results. From our transformational aesthetic services, we are confident we can help you reach your beauty and body goals. LEARN MORE BOOK A CONSULTATION Call to book: (603) 627-7000 By submitting this form you agree to be contacted via phone/text/email. *Reply “Stop” to opt out. By submitting this form, I consent to be contacted by Pelle Medical Spa via phone, text, email, or mail. Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not a condition of purchase. I agree to the Terms of Service and acknowledge the Privacy Policy . Reply STOP to opt out. DISCLAIMER By submitting this form you agree to be contacted by Pelle Medical Spa and receive marketing messages via phone or email. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. We commit to protecting and respecting your privacy. For more information, please review our Privacy Policy. ADDRESS 159 Frontage Rd Manchester, NH 03103 CALL (603) 627-7000 EMAIL info@pellemedicalspa.com SOCIAL WORKING HOURS Monday – Closed Tuesday – 10AM - 8PM Wednesday – 10AM - 8PM Thursday – 10AM - 8PM Friday, Saturday & Sunday – Closed ADDRESS PELLE MEDICAL SPA 159 Frontage Rd Manchester, NH 03103 CALL (603) 627-7000 EMAIL info@pellemedicalspa.com SOCIAL WORKING HOURS Monday – Closed Tuesday – 10AM - 8PM Wednesday – 10AM - 8PM Thursday – 10AM - 8PM Friday, Saturday & Sunday – Closed Please keep in mind when booking your appointments that your card will be used to hold your appointment time. We have a 24-hour cancellation policy. Any cancellation or reschedule made less than 24 hours will result in a cancellation fee. Because many of our services require a consultation, we only offer certain services for online booking. © 2024 – Pellé Medical Spa | All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service © 2026- Pellé Medical Spa | All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service Accessibility : If you are vision-impaired or have a disability covered under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and need assistance using this website, please contact our Accessibility manager at (603) 627-7000 . Please keep in mind when booking your appointments that your card will be used to hold your appointment time. We have a 24-hour cancellation policy. Any cancellation or reschedule made less than 24 hours will result in a cancellation fee. Because many of our services require a consultation, we only offer certain services for online booking. © 2026- Pellé Medical Spa | All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms Of Service | Med Spa Marketing Agency: Diamond Accelerator LIMITED TIME OFFERS! For a limited time, transform your skin with our exclusive deals: ✨ COOLSCULPTING® ELITE BUY 1 AREA, GET 1 AREA 50% OFF ✨$100 OFF Tox Treatment Claim Your Deal Now!