Best Med Spa in Augusta Maine Hydrapure Infusions Med Spa 207-213-4645 Toggle navigation Menu Home About Our Clinic What We Offer Testimonials Services IV Drip Therapies Aesthetics & Injections Massage Therapy Permanent Makeup Resources Blog Videos Gift Cards Apply Now Contact Book Now Permanent Makeup Hydrapure Medspa Health & Wellness A Natural Look, For a more Radiant You. Health and Wellness Medspa in Augusta, ME. Book Now Get Pre-Approved Before Your Visit With Cherry Payment Plan Feel Beautiful, Look Refreshed — Inside and Out HydraPure Infusions Medspa helps you look younger and feel your best. We offer skin and beauty treatments that go beyond the basics, with real results you can see and feel. BOOK NOW Benefits of partnering with HydraPure Infusions. accessibility Empowerment Through Transformation By choosing our medspa, customers invest in their self-esteem, and there's no greater luxury than feeling confident in one's skin. filter_hdr Sanctuary of Relaxation The soothing ambiance paired with our treatments ensures mental relaxation, providing a therapeutic experience that calms both the skin and the soul. It's not just about looking good; it's about feeling good from within. account_circle Personalized Care Every customer is not just another appointment but a valued guest with unique needs, and our tailored treatments echo this sentiment, creating a bond of trust and satisfaction. Discover the transformative power of Hydrapure Infusions Medspa. Elevate your beauty with our expert IV drip therapies, wrinkle treatments and fillers, revealing a youthful, radiant you. Here, your well-being is our passion, merging aesthetic finesse with holistic health. Experience a sanctuary where every treatment is a key to renewed confidence. Choose Hydrapure, choose a revitalized you. BOOK NOW Services We Offer: Wrinkle Treatment Dermal Fillers IV Hydration Meet the Team At Hydrapure Infusions Medspa, we're more than just a beauty destination; we're a community dedicated to holistic well-being. Our state-of-the-art facility boasts cutting-edge treatments, from advanced wrinkle solutions and fillers to groundbreaking IV hydration therapies. Our focus is patient-centric care, and a collaborative spirit. Here, we believe in empowering our clients who quickly become family. Join us, and elevate your health journey to new heights in an environment that values expertise, innovation, and genuine passion for making a difference. LEARN MORE We can help you love the way you look and feel. This is our simple process. Book An Appointment Schedule an appointment and complete your consent forms. Begin Treatment Receive fantastic treatment at our facilities or through our mobile services. Feel Great Regain your confidence and love the way you look and feel. Schedule an appointment today. After a session at HydraPure Infusions Medspa, you will feel like you've been given a momentary escape from the world, only to be returned with a radiant glow, both inside and out. BOOK NOW Home About Our Clinic What We Offer Testimonials Services IV Drip Therapies Aesthetics & Injections Massage Therapy Permanent Makeup Resources Blog Videos Gift Cards Apply Now Contact Book Now Permanent Makeup Privacy Policy Terms And Conditions 312 Water St, Ste 2 Augusta, ME 04330 USA View Map HydraPure Infusions 312 Water St, Ste 2 Augusta, ME 04330-4620 United States Office Hours Monday Closed Tuesday By appointment Wednesday By Appointment Thursday 10-5pm Friday 10-5pm Saturday 1-5pm Sunday Closed Contact Phone: 207-213-4645 Email: [email protected] © 2026 HydraPure Health Aesthetics and Wellness. All Rights Reserved. | Login ×