Medical-Grade Skincare & Treatments | MaineStay Skincare | Augusta, ME HOME ABOUT PRODUCTS SERVICES BODY CONTOURING BOTOX Daxxify Dysport Lytebo FACIAL MENU FILLERS, SCULPTRA, PRF / PRP LASER and MICRONEEDLING MAKEUP & PARAMEDICAL TATTOOS MORPHEUS8 SURGICAL THREADS WEIGHT LOSS TESTIMONIALS CONTACT BOOK NOW HOME ABOUT PRODUCTS SERVICES BODY CONTOURING BOTOX Daxxify Dysport Lytebo FACIAL MENU FILLERS, SCULPTRA, PRF / PRP LASER and MICRONEEDLING MAKEUP & PARAMEDICAL TATTOOS MORPHEUS8 SURGICAL THREADS WEIGHT LOSS TESTIMONIALS CONTACT BOOK NOW Call Now Contact Us Book Now Reveal Radiant Skin With ﻿ Proven, Non-Invasive Care Professional care, innovative treatments, and lasting results—because healthy skin starts here. At MaineStay Skincare, we combine science-backed care with personalized service to help you look and feel your best. As one of the top 10 providers in Maine for Botox and injectables, our female-owned and operated studio is trusted throughout Augusta for safe, effective, non-invasive treatments and customized medical-grade skincare. Whether you're seeking smoother skin or facial rejuvenation, our team offers advanced, results-driven solutions in a welcoming space. Learn More FEATURED TREATMENTS Personalized, results-driven treatments tailored to your unique goals. Smooth fine lines, restore facial balance, and enhance your natural features with expertly administered cosmetic injectables. Botox & injectables Rejuvenate your skin with advanced treatments that stimulate collagen, improve texture, reduce imperfections, and reveal a smoother, more youthful-looking complexion. laser & microneedling Refresh, nourish, and revitalize your skin with customized facials designed to cleanse, hydrate, and target your unique skincare concerns for a healthy, radiant complexion. Facials Achieve sustainable weight loss with personalized GLP-1 treatment plans designed to reduce appetite, support metabolism, and help you reach your health goals under expert medical supervision. weight loss injections Sculpt, tone, and refine your physique with non-surgical body contouring. CoolSculpt® reduces stubborn fat, while CoolTone® strengthens and defines muscles for a more sculpted appearance. body contouring A black and white silhouette of three stars on a white background. Laser & Microneedling LEARN MORE BOTOX, Daxxify, Dysport LEARN MORE A silhouette of a woman 's lips and a syringe. Fillers, Sculptra, PRF / PRP LEARN MORE A black and white silhouette of a woman 's waist with arrows pointing to it. Body Contouring LEARN MORE Surgical LEARN MORE ENT SERVICES LEARN MORE A row of black waves on a white background. Threads LEARN MORE A stack of rocks and leaves on a white background. Wellness Options LEARN MORE A black and white silhouette of a bowl with a fork in it. Facial Menu LEARN MORE "We believe in embracing and elevating the perfectly imperfect, enhancing what makes you uniquely beautiful—not changing who you are." meet dr. allen Dr. Shannon Allen is an Otolaryngologist with a passion for aesthetics, blending medical precision with artistic flair. She graduated with honors from the University of Michigan in 2002 before attending medical school at Wayne State University in Detroit, where her fascination with the human body as a beautiful machine began. After completing her surgical residency at Temple University in Philadelphia, Dr. Allen focused on head and neck surgery, practicing at MaineGeneral from 2013 until 2020, when she transitioned into the field of aesthetics. Learn More Mainestay Products Products for Every Skin Goal Support your skin between appointments with professional skincare trusted by our providers. We offer carefully selected medical-grade cleansers, toners, moisturizers, sun protection, and more to help you achieve healthier, longer-lasting results. Whether you're maintaining treatment outcomes or building an effective daily routine, our team can recommend products tailored to your unique skin goals. Learn More Empowering you to feel beautiful & in control MaineStay Skincare is committed to excellence, education, and results. Our clinic is led by experienced women who believe beauty should be backed by real science. Whether you're starting your aesthetic journey or enhancing a current routine, we're here to help you feel empowered in your skin—without unnecessary downtime or pressure. Choose us for non-invasive treatments that align with your goals and your lifestyle. Reach out to us now to start your journey toward radiant skin. permanent makeup Precision artistry meets advanced technique At MaineStay Skin Care, permanent makeup is performed by Heidi, a highly skilled permanent makeup and paramedical tattoo artist known for her meticulous attention to detail and patient-centered approach. With a professional background in dental hygiene and dual state licensure in micropigmentation and body tattooing, every service is delivered with clinical precision, safety, and care. Using advanced micropigmentation techniques, Heidi enhances natural features with subtle, long-lasting results designed to simplify daily routines and boost confidence. Each treatment begins with a thoughtful consultation and customized plan tailored to your skin tone, facial structure, and personal goals—ensuring results that look natural, balanced, and uniquely you. Learn More I highly recommend Maine Stay Skin Care! The staff is absolutely amazing—knowledgeable, friendly, and always welcoming. The atmosphere is wonderful, and you can tell they truly care about their clients. Amber is the best and consistently goes above and beyond to help. Everyone should have a little Maine Stay Skin Care in their lives! COLEEN S. I’ve been receiving Botox treatments at this office for several years, and it’s always a wonderful experience. Dr. Shannon is incredibly down-to-earth, knowledgeable, and truly talented at what she does. It’s obvious she takes a lot of pride in her work, and my results are perfect every time — natural, refreshed, and exactly what I wanted. JESSICA N. I’ve been seeing Dr. Allen for the past year now for my Botox treatments and am beyond impressed. I’ve been in Maine since 2023 and tried several other great providers; however, the one treatment I needed most (microtox) no one was able to preform. I was SO excited to find out that Dr. Allen could do microtox and what a beautiful job she does. Dr. Allen and her staff offer so much, I’m excited to try new procedures. GIOVANNA T. give the gift of self care Treat someone special to personalized skincare and aesthetic treatments they'll love with a MaineStay Skincare gift card. Buy a Gift Card Button Button Button Button Button Button CONTACT US Name: Email: Phone: Message: Thank you for contacting us. We will get back to you as soon as possible. Oops, there was an error sending your message. Please try again later. Copyright © MaineStay Skincare | All Rights Reserved 12 Shuman Ave Ste 7 Augusta, ME 04330