About | Beautify Home Services About Before and After Gallery Testimonials Contact Payment Plans Frequently Asked FAQs Home Services About Before and After Gallery Testimonials Contact Payment Plans Frequently Asked FAQs More Home Services About Before and After Gallery Testimonials Contact Payment Plans Frequently Asked FAQs Home Services About Before and After Gallery Testimonials Contact Payment Plans Frequently Asked FAQs About Us Meet the Founder of Beautify Medical Spa Hi I am Maria Abbate, FNP-C MSN, a board certified Family Nurse Practitioner with over 2 decades of experience in the health care industry. I started Beautify Medical Spa because I have a passion for aesthetic medicine and wellness management. I believe in providing our clients with an exceptional experience that leaves them feeling relaxed, rejuvenated and naturally enhanced. I graduated from The Catholic University of America, Washington D.C. with honors in 2002 with a Master of Science in Nursing. My nursing journey began 26 years ago as a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit nurse. I then sub-specialized in Neurodevelopment working at Boston Children's outpatient Neonatal Follow-up Program in New York. As A Nurse Practitioner I've held many roles including: urgent care, primary care & neurology. My journey into Aesthetic Medicine, specifically Botox began while working at Dartmouth Health in the Department of Neurology, At Dartmouth I worked in Headache Medicine and the Movement Disorder Clinic. I decided to focus primary on neuromodulators such as Botox, Jeuveau, Xemonin and Dysport. I have a special interest in restorative aesthetics and wellness medicine. I have since trained at The Auderey Rose Institue, Galderma, Evolus and Prolleium. I received post Master's Certification training in the use of Hayluronic Acid fillers (HA), Master Class in Lip Augmentation and PRP/PRF Training. In conjunction with these modalities I offer skin care & microneeeding/collegen stimulation. I have always had a passion for the art & creativity. I am a photographer and an artist. As an Aesthetic Nurse Practitioner I am able to combine both these passions. Having been in the hospital setting I have also been witness to many confounding comorbidities. I believe passionately that putting ones health and wellness is paramount to a long life. My goal is to make and help you feel your best with the adjunct use of Peptides GLP-1 for a comprehensive weight loss program. At Beautify Medical Spa I am able to foster that passion for wellness and I have a desire to share it with others. I want you to reach your goals! When I am not at my practice you can find me photographing my son's baseball games, training for a marathon with my dog or enjoying skiing with my 3 sons and my husband. I was born in Ecuador, I am a proud Latina and Business owner. I look forward to meeting each one of you at Beautify Medical Spa and customizing your individual treatment plan with the use of my Caliper precision facial mapping. Come visit me at my boutique lux location in the heart of Merrimack, New Hampshire. I am excited to meet you at my Lux State of the Art Office! Book Now Instagram Connect With Us Copyright © 2025 Beautify - All Rights Reserved. Powered by Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept