Patient Testimonials | Rockland, Maine | Skin Klinic Med Spa Book Appointment Rockland, ME 207-594-7003 ABOUT ABOUT US About Skin Klinic Med Spa Why Choose Us Patient Testimonials OUR LEADERSHIP Deb Prescott, RN Tori Lowe, PA Meghan Porter INJECTABLES WRINKLE RELAXERS BOTOX ® Cosmetic Jeuveau DAXXIFY™ Dysport COLLAGEN & DERMAL FILLERS RHA ® Collection Radiesse ® Juvederm ® Family Nonsurgical Facelift Sculptra Restylane OTHER INJECTABLES AquaGold Fine Touch Microneedling Kybella ® Chin Reduction Morpheus 8 Skin Tightening LASERS, LIGHT & ENERGY LASERS & LIGHTS PolyLight Laser Hair Removal Intense Pulsed Light (IPL) Morpheus 8 Fractional Laser CryoProbe ™ Hyfrecator FAT REDUCTION & SKIN TIGHTENING Morpheus 8 Skin Tightening Kybella ® Chin Reduction SKINCARE & BEAUTY Chemical Peels Hydra Needle Microneedling and Skin Infusion Device Collagen Regeneration Therapy CryoProbe ™ Facials & Other Cosmetic Services Nutrafol ® Consult for Prescription Cosmetic Products Skincare Products RESOURCES Events & Specials Skincare Products Fees & Financing Blog CONTACT Book Appointment Rockland, ME 207-594-7003 Patient Testimonials See What People Are Saying About Skin Klinic Med Spa in Rockland, Maine Home ABOUT US OUR LEADERSHIP Patient Testimonials “My first experience here was great! I had the Botox So a Service done. It was an easy check in by the receptionist. The nurse who did my treatment was friendly and great at her skill. They were running a fantastic holiday special on Botox. I will definitely be back! Would recommend. Loved the setting in an old Victorian building. Felt very posh with the decor and cute chandeliers throughout. Right near the main shopping district in Rockland Maine.” Sherrie Carter “Definitely recommend! Absolutely delivers on service and quality! Definitely going back! “ Janet Hodgson “I started seeing Sue for QWO treatments and she has been wonderful. I brought my boyfriend with me for my second appointment and she gave him a consult and IPL treatment that had immediate results. The staff is always friendly. Sue is very fabulous and offers the best treatments for any needs you have! She has given me confidence back I’ve lacked for years. I’m very pleased with her and her spa services and will continue to come to her for future needs as well!” Taylar Heal “Susan Kelly is wonderful! I researched getting different types of treatments, but honestly I was overwhelmed with all the choices. I made an online appt (which was super easy) and came in for a consultation with Susan Kelly. Susan spoke with me in clear language, and offered to help me set up a plan and explained options and costs clearly. In the end, I asked her to be honest and suggest what I could benefit from the most: her help, expertise and insights were just fantastic. I could not be happier. In a few months, I will go back for a touch up, because I am just thrilled with the results. And, The Skin Klinic is lovely light airy space that is very clean.” Cer “Incredible experience: Sue and the nurses know how to create customized plans to make you look and feel beautiful with cutting edge products and treatments. I had no idea what was possible! And Clare knows hair better than anyone else. I trust them all completely and it pays off!” Shannon Kinney CONTACT US Call: 207-594-7003 Book Appointment LOCATION 14B School St, Rockland, ME 04841 We are open Monday – Thursday 9am to 5pm POLICIES Privacy Policy Sitemap Skin Klinic Med Spa offers injectable wrinkle relaxers (BOTOX®, Jeuveau®), dermal fillers to replace lost collagen (RHA®, Radiesse®, Juvederm®, Versa®), laser hair removal, intense pulsed light (IPL), Morpheus8, CryoProbe, Kybella® double chin reduction, chemical peels, AQUAGOLD®, facials, skincare products, and more treatments and services in Rockland, Maine, serving Knox, Lincoln, Cumberland, Waldo, Kennebec, Hancock, Sagadahoc, and beyond. Design & Marketing By MetaMed Marketing . 207-594-7003 Request a consultation © 2026 Skin Klinic Med Spa. All rights reserved Terms Of Use Communications through our website or via email are not encrypted and are not necessarily secure. Use of the internet or email is for your convenience only, and by communicating through these electronic channels, you assume the risk of any unauthorized use. By checking this box you hereby agree to hold Skin Klinic and Day Spa and associated persons or organizations harmless from any hacking or any other unauthorized use of your personal information by outside parties. You understand that the act of submitting a question or a request through this contact form does not automatically make you a patient of Skin Klinic and Day Spa. X Contact Us Join our mailing list I accept the terms of use * SUBMIT X