Daniel Townsend, MD | Boston Eyelid Specialist Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 Book Now | Schedule Consultation Menu Home About About Us Cheryl Clarkson Daniel Townsend, MD Meet The Team Reviews Injectables BOTOX BOTOX for Neckbands Dermal Fillers Kybella Lip Fillers Micro-Injections Sculptra SKINVIVE Skin Rejuvenation Dermaplaning Ultherapy Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing IPL Photofacial Collagen Induction (Microneedling) RF Skin Tightening RF Microneedling PRP Face Bridal Beauty Services Chemical Peels Facials Microdermabrasion Neferfit Neck Lift Ozempic Face Permanent Makeup Threadlifts Hydrasonic Skin Therapy Eyelids Body Body Contouring & Skin Tightening Cellulite Reduction Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal VI Body Peel Hair PRP/PRF Hair Restoration Gallery Injectables Next Skin Rejuvenation Next Body Next Face Next Hair Next Back Botox & Wrinkle Relaxers Dermal Fillers Lip Filler Kybella Back Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing Microneedling Skin Tightening Back Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal Back Threadlifts Blepharoplasty Back PRP Hair Restoration Products Resources Patient Resources Buy Gift Card Financing Ask Cheryl (Articles) Specials Media Employment Opportunities Locations Boston Andover Location Wellesley Hills Contact Schedule Your Consultation Book Now Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 7814048740 Stay connected: facebook instagram youtube Daniel Townsend, MD Eyelid and Facial Plastic Surgeon, Facial Rejuvenation Specialist Home About Us Daniel Townsend, MD Award-winning Eyelid Surgeon Daniel Townsend, MD Dr. Townsend is widely recognized as one of the preeminent eyelid surgeons in the world. He has successfully performed over 13,000 cosmetic eyelid procedures in his distinguished career. Dr. Townsend has 30 years of surgical experience. He is a past President of Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary, a Harvard Medical School teaching facility. In 2019 he was elected to the Mayo Clinic Alumni Association Board of Directors. In addition to cosmetic surgery of the eye and eyelids, Dr. Townsend is an expert in facial rejuvenation with injectables such as Botox and fillers. He is highly a highly experienced injector of neurotoxins such as Botox™, Dysport, and Xeomen; and facial fillers such as Restylane™, Juvederm™, Voluma, and more. He was one of the first physicians in the country to use Botox. He has trained many other physicians in the proper use and techniques for Botox and fillers. Dr. Townsend has 25 years of surgical experience and is the recent past President of Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary, a Harvard Medical School teaching facility. Board Certification American Board of Ophthalmology — 1985 American Society of Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery — 1991 Residency Training Fellow, Oculoplastic/Orbital Diseases and Surgery, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary, Harvard University, Boston, MA 1984 – 1985 Resident, Ophthalmology, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary, Harvard University, Boston, MA 1981 – 1984 Intern, Internal Medicine, New England Deaconess Hospital, Harvard University, Boston, MA 1980 – 1981 Medical School Mayo Medical School, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN M.D., 1980 Undergraduate School St. OlafCollege, Northfield, MN Summa Cum Laude,Phi Beta Kappa B.A., 1976 Faculty Appointments Instructor, Ophthalmology, Harvard Medical School 1985 – present Assistant in Ophthalmology, Active Staff, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary 1987 – present Oculoplastic Consultant, Facial Nerve Clinic, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary 1990 – present Instructor, Ophthalmology, Tufts Medical School 1993 – present Interim Attending Director, Oculoplastics Service, Tufts New England Medical Center 1998 – 1999 Co-Director, Oculoplastics Service, Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary 1987 – 1988 Hospital Affiliations Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary, Boston, MA Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA Carney Hospital, Dorchester, MA Nantucket Cottage Hospital, Nantucket, MA Saint Luke’s Hospital, New Bedford, MA Professional Memberships American Academy of Ophthalmology American Medical Association Massachusetts Society of Eye Physicians and Surgeons Mayo Clinic Alumni Association New England Ophthalmologic Society Books Published Borodic GE, Townsend DJ (co-authors), Atlas of Eyelid Surgery, WB Saunders Company, 1993 Townsend DJ, Jakobiec F (co-editors), Orbit Section, Harvard System Of Ophthalmology, 5-volume set, WB Saunders Company, 1993 Townsend DJ, Borodic GE (co-authors; Book chapter), “Treatment of Involuntary Facial Spastic Disease and Botulinum Toxin,” Orbital and Ophthalmic Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Volume 1. Albert Hornblass, Editor. 1987 Townsend DJ, (Book chapter) “Rehabilitation of the Paralyzed Eye,” Facial Surgery, Mack Cheney, Editor.Williams and Wilkins, 1997 A frequent lecturer in both professional and academic settings, Dr. Townsend has published dozens of peer-reviewed articles on a variety of topics, including the clinical application of Botox. In addition, he has been a book reviewer for the Journal of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery since 1986, as well as for the Archives of Ophthalmology since 1987. Before & After Patient Gallery Visit Our Photo Gallery Seeing is believing Real Patients Real Reviews 5 Star Review Every aspect of my visit was exceptional. The check-in person was friendly, professional, and efficient. The doctor was keenly focused on my concerns, patient with my questions (I had many), and knowledgeable and he clearly articulated our plan of action to remediate my issues. – Patrick 5 Star Review I felt really comfortable at my first appointment. Everyone was really nice and I felt very supported. The office was really easy to get to. Parking on the street was not a problem for my Saturday appointment. – Doreen 5 Star Review Dr. Dan is the Botox Man. I recently had threading done as well & I couldn’t be happier with my experience. He and his staff made me feel comfortable and at home. They work together to make sure you have the best experience possible. I look forward to my next appointment. – Daniele 5 Star Review Dr. Townsend is so down to earth so kind, so good-natured and has a playful fun personality, and is so easy to talk with and his wife Cheryl is (his counterpart ) exactly like that! They both are extremely intelligent, down to earth, lovely, kind warm, patient, and informative. They truly share so much of the process and put you at ease. – Skyla My Inspiration to found SkinHealth was my sister.” Cheryl Clarkson, Founder Schedule Your Consultation Skinhealth Centers Resources Patient Resources In the Media Fees & Financing Specials Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 © 2026 SkinHealth, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Website Design & Seo by MRKTMADE Privacy Policy | TOS | Sitemap Call Email Book Now