Bombshell Aesthetics & Medical Spa in Bedford NH Skip to Content Open Menu Close Menu Services Shop Shop ZO® Biote Online Store Gift Cards About The Team For Patients CareCredit Payment Plan Cherry Payment Plan Newsletter Patient Resources Patient Before & After Care Appointment Policy Gift Card Policy Privacy Policy Refill Requests Memberships Monthly Specials Bombshell Suites Contact Us 0 0 Online Booking Services Shop Shop ZO® Biote Online Store Gift Cards About The Team For Patients CareCredit Payment Plan Cherry Payment Plan Newsletter Patient Resources Patient Before & After Care Appointment Policy Gift Card Policy Privacy Policy Refill Requests Memberships Monthly Specials Bombshell Suites Contact Us 0 0 Online Booking Open Menu Close Menu Services Folder: Shop Back Shop ZO® Biote Online Store Gift Cards Folder: About Back The Team Folder: For Patients Back CareCredit Payment Plan Cherry Payment Plan Newsletter Patient Resources Patient Before & After Care Appointment Policy Gift Card Policy Privacy Policy Refill Requests Memberships Monthly Specials Bombshell Suites Contact Us Online Booking Beauty Inspired by Nature’s Balance Premier Medical Spa in Bedford NH Book Now 400+ 5.0 ★★★★★ Ratings Vagaro & Google Reviews Browse our Signature Medspa Treatments Sculptra Sculptra helps your body naturally rebuild collagen, creating gradual, natural-looking results that improve over time and can last 2+ years. Learn more about Sculptra Biote Hormone Replacement Therapy Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) helps restore hormonal balance, improve energy, mood, and libido, and reduce symptoms of menopause or low testosterone. We offer customized bioidentical HRT solutions to help you feel your best—naturally and safely. Learn more about HRT for Men Learn more about HRT for Woman BBL Laser Treatment Experience the transformative power of the most advanced light technology on the market. Achieve a rejuvenated, brighter and more even skin complexion. Learn about BBL Laser Laser Hair Removal Hair removal with BBL BARE with Sciton technology, helps cut out the time-consuming rituals like shaving, tweezing, waxing, and creams or lotions. Learn more about laser hair removal Medical Weight Loss GLP-1’s are injectable medications that are administered once weekly to help with long-term and short-term weight management.​ Start Your Weight Loss Journey Botox, Dysport & Daxxify Treatment Most popular non-surgical cosmetic treatment globally, provides a safe and effective solution for fine lines and wrinkles around the eyes and forehead. Learn more about Botox Dermal Fillers Enhance your natural beauty and restore volume. Dermal fillers help to diminish facial lines and restore volume and fullness in the face. Learn more about Filler View All Treatments Our Approach At Bombshell Aesthetics we seek to empower our patients to look and feel their best. Patient education is a central component of our beliefs at which we provide full details and informed decisions about all our treatments and recommendations. We serve our clients with a level of professionalism, attention, medical and personal care accustomed to their individualized aesthetic and wellness goals. Learn about our services Real Stories, Real Results “I’ve seen other injectors for Botox services before and Shelly by far is the best that I’ve been to! We had a very thorough consult and I‘ve felt so comfortable with her at each of my appointments. My results are better than what I expected and I will absolutely continue to see Shelly in the future!” “I’ve had a few BBL treatments on my legs for hair removal and I’m so happy with the results! I’ve also tried IPL a few years ago with Little success. In just one treatment I saw results, cut my shaving time, thickness and density in half! So happy to not have to worry about shaving this summer. Both Shelly and Melanie are fantastic! 100% recommend, thanks girls!” Meet The Bombshell Aesthetics Team Our skilled professionals lead New Hampshire's laser, medical aesthetics. We provide state-of-the-art treatments, including Botox, dermal fillers, and BBL laser treatments, driven by a commitment to client wellness and beauty. Our licensed practitioners prioritize ongoing education, ensuring expertise in the latest advancements. We focus on trust and communication to enhance your patient experience. Learn more about our team and services to achieve your aesthetic goals. Get to Know Us Before & After ZO® Brightening Protocol Dermal Filler Facial Contouring Neuromodulator Botox/Dysport/Daxxify Dermal Lip Filler Microneedling Laser Hair Removal BBL Forever Young Laser Professional Teeth Whitening Book your consultation In The News Local News Spotlight, Matt Murray of Premier Mortgage Lending and Shawna Phillips of Coldwell Banker Realty are in Manchester, New Hampshire to put the spotlight on Bombshell Aesthetics. View Full Video Have Questions? Have questions or not sure which service is right for you? Connect with us today! 22A Eastman Ave Bedford, NH 03110 (603) 232-5421 info@bombshell-aesthetics.com Schedule Your Appointment! © 2025 Bombshell Aesthetics | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Website designed by Cosmetic Geek LLC