Numi Aesthetics - Beauty and Med Spa Services in Windham NH Book an Appointment Refer Now (978) 626-3222 Our Location Search for: Book Appointement Home About Us Skin Issues Skin Texture & Tone Dry / Dull Skin CO2 Lift Pro Facial Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau Mermaid Facial PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Total Skin Solution Uneven Skin Tone CO2 Lift Pro Facial Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau Mermaid Facial PRP Facial LED Light Therapy Microneedling Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Laser Toning by Clarity II Total Skin Solution Enlarge Pores Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Laser Toning by Clarity II LED Light Therapy Mermaid Facial Microneedling Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Total Skin Solution Acne Scars / Hyperpigmentation Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Laser Toning by Clarity II LED Light Therapy Mermaid Facial Microneedling Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Total Skin Solution Melasma Laser Toning by Clarity II Mermaid Facial Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Total Skin Solution Age Spots Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling LED Light Therapy Microneedling Total Skin Solution Lentigines Laser Toning by Clarity II LED Light Therapy Aging & Skin Laxiety Fine Lines / Wrinkles CO2 Lift Pro Facial Dermal Fillers Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Laser Toning by Clarity II Mermaid Facial Microneedling MINT PDO thread Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Total Skin Solution Skin Laxiety CO2 Lift Pro Facial Dermal Fillers Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Mermaid Facial Microneedling MINT PDO thread Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Total Skin Solution Undereye Hollowness / Pigmentation / Laxiety CO2 Lift Pro Facial Dermal Fillers Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Mermaid Facial Microneedling Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Total Skin Solution Vascular & Pigmentation Issues Rosacea CO2 Lift Pro Facial LED Light Therapy Mermaid Facial Microneedling Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Cherry Angioma Vascular Treatment by Clarity II™ Spider Veins Other Skin Conditions Actinic Keratosis Total Skin Solution Psoriasis LED Light Therapy Stretch Marks Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Mermaid Facial Microneedling PRP Facial Total Skin Solution Aesthetic & Facial Concerns Facial Balancing Dermal Fillers MINT PDO thread TMJ & Migraine Hair & Sweat Related Concern Hair Loss PRP Hair Restoration Hair Removal Laser Hair Removal Excessive Sweating Neuromodulators RF Microneedling Services Wellness Program Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) Weight Loss Program MINT PDO thread Facials CO2 Lift Pro Facial Mermaid Facial Glo2facial PRP Facial Neurotoxin Microneedling RF Microneedling Regular Microneedling Dermal Fillers Laser SmartXide PRO CO₂ Laser I-LASER Ultra Non-Ablative Skin Resurfacing Total Skin Solution Laser Toning by Clarity II Laser Acne Treatment Vascular Treatment by Clarity II™ Lentigines (Brown Spots) Treatment Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration KeraLase™ Hair Restoration Laser Hair Removal Chemical Peel Featuring VI Peel​ EXO-NAD LED Light Therapy Skinbooster With Klardie Portfolio Contacts Payment Methods Membership Price Guide (978) 626-3222 Our Locations Search for: 0 No products in the cart. Book a Visit Home About Us Skin Issues Skin Texture & Tone Dry / Dull Skin CO2 Lift Pro Facial Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau Mermaid Facial PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Total Skin Solution Uneven Skin Tone CO2 Lift Pro Facial Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau Mermaid Facial PRP Facial LED Light Therapy Microneedling Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Laser Toning by Clarity II Total Skin Solution Enlarge Pores Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Laser Toning by Clarity II LED Light Therapy Mermaid Facial Microneedling Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Total Skin Solution Acne Scars / Hyperpigmentation Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Laser Toning by Clarity II LED Light Therapy Mermaid Facial Microneedling Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Total Skin Solution Melasma Laser Toning by Clarity II Mermaid Facial Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Total Skin Solution Age Spots Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling LED Light Therapy Microneedling Total Skin Solution Lentigines Laser Toning by Clarity II LED Light Therapy Aging & Skin Laxiety Fine Lines / Wrinkles CO2 Lift Pro Facial Dermal Fillers Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Laser Toning by Clarity II Mermaid Facial Microneedling MINT PDO thread Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Total Skin Solution Skin Laxiety CO2 Lift Pro Facial Dermal Fillers Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Mermaid Facial Microneedling MINT PDO thread Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Total Skin Solution Undereye Hollowness / Pigmentation / Laxiety CO2 Lift Pro Facial Dermal Fillers Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Mermaid Facial Microneedling Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Total Skin Solution Vascular & Pigmentation Issues Rosacea CO2 Lift Pro Facial LED Light Therapy Mermaid Facial Microneedling Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Jeuveau PRP Facial Skinbooster With Klardie Cherry Angioma Vascular Treatment by Clarity II™ Spider Veins Other Skin Conditions Actinic Keratosis Total Skin Solution Psoriasis LED Light Therapy Stretch Marks Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Mermaid Facial Microneedling PRP Facial Total Skin Solution Aesthetic & Facial Concerns Facial Balancing Dermal Fillers MINT PDO thread TMJ & Migraine Hair & Sweat Related Concern Hair Loss PRP Hair Restoration Hair Removal Laser Hair Removal Excessive Sweating Neuromodulators RF Microneedling Services Wellness Program Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) Weight Loss Program MINT PDO thread Facials CO2 Lift Pro Facial Mermaid Facial Glo2facial PRP Facial Neurotoxin Microneedling RF Microneedling Regular Microneedling Dermal Fillers Laser SmartXide PRO CO₂ Laser I-LASER Ultra Non-Ablative Skin Resurfacing Total Skin Solution Laser Toning by Clarity II Laser Acne Treatment Vascular Treatment by Clarity II™ Lentigines (Brown Spots) Treatment Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration KeraLase™ Hair Restoration Laser Hair Removal Chemical Peel Featuring VI Peel​ EXO-NAD LED Light Therapy Skinbooster With Klardie Portfolio Contacts Payment Methods Membership Price Guide NuMi Aesthetics Led by board-certified physician Sazia Nowrin, MD, at NuMi Aesthetics, our skilled professionals provide safe and effective procedures—from injectables and anti-aging treatments to body sculpting, skin rejuvenation, and weight management—to help you achieve your beauty goals and confidence. Appointment Contact Now Welcome to NuMi Aesthetics Windham’s Top Aesthetic Center NuMi Aesthetics treats all genders and ethnicities of ages over 18, customizing treatments rendered after detailed consultation and patients’ unique needs. We proudly serve entire southern New Hampshire NH including Windham, Salem, and Londonderry as well as northern Massachusetts including Andover, Methuen, and Dracut. about the clinic Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) View Details Aesthetic Treatments EXO-NAD: A New Era in Skin Renewal View Details Aesthetic Treatments Weight Loss Program View Details Aesthetic Treatments Vascular Treatment by Clarity II™ View Details Aesthetic Treatments Ultra Non-Ablative Skin Resurfacing View Details Aesthetic Treatments Total Skin Solution View Details Real People. Real Results Results that speak for themselves VI-Peel-treatment SmartXide PRO CO₂ Mermaid Facial Neurotoxins Dermal filler and PDO thread Dermal Lip Filler KeraLase Dacial balancing with Dermal Filler I-Laser Black Friday Gift Cards Offer! Buy $100, Get $20 Buy $500, Get $100 Buy $1000, Get $200 Buy $2500, Get $500 Buy $5000, Get $1000 Meet our experts Hand picked top specialists in the industry Meet the team Dr. Sazia Nowrin, MD Board-certified physician for aesthetics and skincare. Meet Sazia Nowrin, MD, a board-certified physician with a profound passion for aesthetics and skincare. At NuMi Aesthetics, Dr. Nowrin excels in crafting perfectly individualized skincare plans tailored to each client’s unique needs and goals. Her expertise lies in understanding the distinct characteristics of every skin type, allowing her to deliver personalized care that enhances natural beauty and promotes overall well-being. about Sazia Nowrin, MD Watch 5-Minute Welcome Video Years in Business 0 + Coolsculpting Cycles 0 ,000+ Patients Cared For 0 ,000+ Professionalism & Love 0 % What our clients say 100+ five-star reviews on Google 5/5 I had my first VIPEEL with Nurse Practitioner Kimberly C- this was my first ever chemical peel and I got phenomenal results from it. I was instructed to download an app after my peel that tells me when to do each aftercare step which is extremely helpful and makes the process so easy and user friendly. Kimberly was so welcoming and extremely professional during my entire procedure as well as checked in with me afterwards in the following days to ensure my skin was properly shedding after the peel. I am coming back to NuMi to see Kimberly for all of my needs with facials as well as the many other things she does such as laser hair removal and peels. I look forward to my next visit! Thank you Kimberly! Ava Grant on Google 5/5 The staff was friendly and professional, and the treatment left me feeling refreshed and rejuvenated. Thank you for the wonderful service, I'll definitely be visiting again! Everyone was sweet and professional, ensuring that I had a comfortable and effective session. The results are mind-blowing, and I am happy I went with them. Rochelle Perera on Google NuMi Aesthetics and Dr. Nowrin are exceptional. She really takes the time to listen to your concerns and designs a plan tailored to your needs. Since this is an industry that is constantly changing and advancing, I really appreciated her for taking the time to fully explain what she was recommending and why. I have been to other medi-spas in the area where an assistant would come in and list several procedures that you "need" and then usher you out to the front desk to schedule without explaining anything. She takes the time to follow-up and seems to genuinely care about each and every person she treats. If you want a great experience then don't hesitate to call NuMi Aesthetics for a consultation. Dr. Nowrin and staff and warm and welcoming and they have my highest rating! Gayla Levine on Google Dr. Nowrin provides excellent consultation and guidance to assure your Aesthetic hopes and goals are provided using the highest standard and quality! Thank you Sazia! ~Linda Linda Medeiros on Google Dr Sazia was extremely thorough in her exam and suggestions in order to ensure my complete satisfaction in achieving my goals! She listened very patently so she would know my exact wishes and I completely trust her! I couldn’t be happier thus far with the beautiful results! She is truly passionate about making her clients look and feel wonderful! Denise M on Google I went to see Dr Nowrin for laser hair removal. As I approach menopause, I’m at the age where I don’t want to deal with unwanted hair any longer. The price was very reasonable for the 6 sessions she recommended. Dr Nowrin took the time explaining the procedure, what to expect during treatment, and also explained the type of laser she would use based on my skin type. The treatment was painless, quick, and I walked out with zero redness to the effective area. I’ve already seen a difference and look forward to finishing all of my sessions to get the full result. I highly recommend NuMi for all your skincare needs Stacey Gagnon on Google Dermatology & Skin Care Brazilian Butt-lift Breasts Augmentation Injectables Tummy Tuck Liposuction Healthy Skin, Confident You Gentle, effective facial therapies NuMi Aesthetics offers advanced treatments including laser hair removal, Botox, CO2 laser, and a variety of facials such as anti-aging, glow, facial balancing, PRP, and Hydrafacial. Enhance your beauty and confidence with skin fillers, microneedling, and rejuvenating therapies designed for radiant, youthful, and healthy skin. Body Procedures Popular procedures Not Sure Which Procedure IS Right For YOU? Schedule a consultation with our expert providers to discuss your aesthetic needs. Request A Consultation request a consultation Take the next step & schedule a visit today Service Select Service Weight Loss Program Vascular Treatment by Clarity III Ultra Non-Ablative Skin Resurfacing TotalSkin Solution SmartXide PRO CO2 Laser Skinbooster with Klaride RF Microneedling Regular Microneedling PRP Hair Restoration PRP Facial Neurotoxin Neuromodulators, Featuring Botox and Juveau Neuromodulators MINT PDO thread Microneedling Mermaid Facial Lutronic Ultra Skin Rejuvenation Lentigenes (Brown Spots) Treatment LED Light Therapy Laser Toning by Clarity II Laser Hair Removal Laser Acne Treatment Laser Keralase Hair Restoration I-LASER Glo2facial by Geneo Exosome Therapy with SkinPen Microneedling Dermal Fillers Collagen Induction Therapy CO2 Lift Pro Facial Chemical Peel Your Name * Your Phone Date Time - 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 - 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 Book an Appointment Medical Grade skin-care products We carry these products at our clinic for you to purchase. view all products Latest Blogs View More Posts Address 1B Wall Street, Suite 204 Windham, NH 03087 Monday – Wednesday: 5:30 PM – 8:00 PM (Daytime appointments may be available) Thursday & Friday: 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM Saturday & Sunday: 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM Contacts (978) 626-3222 dr.nowrin@numi-aesthetics.com Numi Aesthetics. © 2026 All Rights Reserved CLOSE