Maine Coast Medical Aesthetics | Maine Coast Medical Aesthetics Home Services Gallery About Giftcards & Promotions YOUR SKINCARE SPECIALISTS Maine Coast Medical Aesthetics is committed to helping you look and feel your personal best. Our goal is to safely produce excellent, natural-looking results in harmony with your personal aesthetic and with minimal down-time. Our working philosophy integrates personalized aesthetic and wellness medicine in an inclusive environment. Our focus is on maintaining youthfulness and well-being while balancing the effects of time. Each of our services is carefully designed to fit your unique needs, and our highly experienced staff is ready to support you every step of the way. Reach out today to learn more. Book A Treatment MEDICAL GRADE SKINCARE Medical-Grade skincare products contain higher concentrations of active ingredients than what you can buy over the counter. These products use prescription-strength ingredients to promote your overall skin health while helping you look and feel your best. We feature Obagi, Vi Derm, Glymed, Environ, and Skinade products. ​At Obagi, we believe skin care is about more than “correcting” or even “preventing;” it’s about unleashing your skin’s full potential. We are dedicated to developing scientifically backed, clinical-quality formulations to promote healthy, future-facing skin so you can greet the future with confidence. Innovation is everywhere, the key is to look in the right places. Our philosophy is to meticulously develop transformational products and rigorously test them to ensure every face is cared for, everywhere. ​​The Vi Derm Philosophy is that every client deserves a tailor-made skin care treatment plan that fits their skin type, schedule, budget, and, most importantly, their desired dermal result. Vi Derm Skin Care System represents a true breakthrough in facial skincare products. Environ creates scientifically researched and developed skin care products that make a real lasting difference to the appearance of the skin so that consumers everywhere can have beautiful skin for a lifetime. ​​Skinade delivers essential micronutrients in liquid form and helps to rebuild the collagen matrix in your skin. Skinade combats the signs of aging by reducing oxidative stress, preventing cross-linking of collagen fibers, increasing moisture and hydration, increasing natural collagen production, and increasing natural hyaluronic acid production within the dermal layer of the skin. As a result, skinade restores your skin’s youthful appearance, improves tone, texture, and hydration, smooths furrow lines, and improves skin suppleness. Give The gift of beauty Surprise a loved one with one of our convenient Gift Cards. With a vast array of services to choose from, they could indulge in everything from a refreshing facial peel to an age-defying medical-grade session. Gift Certificates Available WHAT OUR PATIENTS ARE SAYING “My experience with Jen was also my first-ever Botox experience. Jen explained everything that would happen not only during the process but also afterward and at which points I would start to notice the effects, as well as how I might feel. Not only was the experience calm (and fun, because Jen is just lovely!) but the results are far better than I ever expected – I am obsessed and feel so confident!” -Alison Frenz, New York City, NY “ Shannon was amazing…she really knows her stuff and made the whole facial feel tailored to my skin. She walked me through the products she was using and why, which I appreciated, and everything felt high quality. Her techniques were both relaxing and effective. I left with my skin feeling clean, smooth, and refreshed. You can tell she genuinely cares about skin health, not just the experience. I’ll definitely be back! I really enjoyed it! “ – Google Review “ Great communication about all appointments, very professional staff and a wonderful space to relax and have these amazing services. Highly recommend!” – Google Review “I love visiting Maine Coast Medical Aesthetics! Betsy is very knowledgeable and always makes me feel right at home. Laser hair removal was new to me and she answered all the questions I had without hesitation. I highly recommend them any chance I get!” – Lindsay Lord “ I got the Ultimate Illumination facial from Shannon and it was wonderful. I highly recommend this treatment from Shannon; it was the best facial I’ve ever experienced. I could see such a difference the next day.” – Google Review “ Love everything about this place! Jennifer is the best and she makes the environment so cozy. She truly listens and she doesnt push extra services or extra units. I never thought I’d look forward to Botox, but here we are! 🤣” – Google Review Visit Us At 374 US Route 1 Suite 5 Yarmouth, ME 04096 207-607-9974 mainecoastmedicalaesthetics@gmail.com Find Us On Follow Follow Book A Treatment Home Contact Us FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM @mainecoastmedicalaesthetics Follow on Instagram Powered by Local Image | Privacy Policy