Medical Spa in Hooksett, NH & Plymouth, NH | Modern Medspa Hooksett | Plymouth (603) 770-8597 Book now contact specials locations products services home about Laser & Skin Resurfacing Microneedling with Radiofrequency BroadBand Light (BBL) Contour TRL Erbium Laser MOXI Laser Injectables & Anti-Aging Platelet Rich Fibrin EZ Gel Neuromodulators Dermal Fillers Sculptra Platelet Rich Fibrin Skin Treatments & Facials ZO Skin Health Facials Hydrafacials Chemical Peels Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy IV Hydration B12 Injections Hormone Replacement Therapy Beauty Services Brows Lashes Spray Tans Hair Restoration & Scalp Health PRF Hair Restoration MOXI Laser + Exosomes Restoration Keravive Scalp Hydrafacial view all services Microneedling compare all treatments Laser Hair Removal Plymouth, NH Medspa Services in plymouth 151 Main St, Unit 7T, Plymouth, NH 03264 (603) 703-2999 Hooksett, NH Medspa Services in Hooksett 1106 Hooksett Rd, Unit 9, Hooksett, NH 03106 (603) 770-8597 Medical Grade Skincare & Wellness Products ZO Skin Health Biote Nutraceuticals Gift Cards Specials Memberships Packages Payment Plans Get In Touch Contact Book A Treatment Book A Consult Email Us Plymouth, NH 151 Main St, Unit 7T, Plymouth, NH 03264 (603) 703-2999 Hooksett, NH 1106 Hooksett Rd, Unit 9, Hooksett, NH 03106 (603) 770-8597 Medspa Policies Book now contact specials locations products services home about Specializing in skin health, anti-aging, and whole-person wellness view medspa sevices For Skin You Love to Live in Medical Spa in Hooksett & Plymouth, NH Injectables Skin Treatments & Facials Laser & Advanced Skin Treatments Hair Restoration Beauty Services Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy Injectables Skin Treatments & Facials Laser & Advanced Skin Treatments Hair Restoration Beauty Services Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy Everything we do comes from one simple belief: Led by Certified Physician's Associate Jess Paey, Modern Medspa brings over a decade of clinical experience to every treatment. First analyzing your anatomy and understanding the root cause of your concerns to develop individualized, science-backed plans for your healthiest skin yet. Proven treatments give you real transformations. Our team approaches aesthetic medicine with the same integrity & safety as any other medical specialty. Prioritizing honest guidance and transparent conversations, you get everything you need to make decisions you genuinely feel good about. Confidence in your choices gives you confidence in your results. Find the Medical Spa Services For You SO HOW CAN WE HELP? Explore by Treatment Explore by Concern Laser & Skin Resurfacing Injectables Skin Treatments & Facials VIEW ALL SERVICES Hair Restoration Beauty Services Spray Tans Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy BroadBand Light (BBL) Contour TRL Erbium Laser MOXI Laser Laser Hair Removal Microneedling with Radiofrequency Microneedling Chemical Peels Hydrafacials ZO Skin Facials Platelet Rich Fibrin EZ Gel Platelet Rich Fibrin Sculptra Dermal Fillers Botox / Dysport / Xeomin PRF Hair Restoration MOXI Laser + Exosomes Keravive Scalp Hydrafacial Lash Lifts & Tints Brows B12 Injections Biote Hormone Therapy IV Therapy Around the Eye Wrinkles & Fine Lines Acne & Breakout Prone Skin Pigmentation, Melasma & Redness Scarring & Uneven Texture Jowls & Sagging Skin Contour TRL Erbium Laser VIEW ALL SERVICES Botox / Dysport / Xeomin Dermal Fillers Microneedling with RF Contour TRL Erbium Laser ZO Skin Health Skin Care BBL Forever Clear Hydrafacial Acne & Oil Facial ZO Skin Health Skin Care BroadBand Light (BBL) MOXI Laser Skin Brightening Facial MOXI Laser Microneedling with RF Contour TRL Erbium Laser ZO Skin Health Skin Care Microneedling with RF BBL Skintyte Platelet Rich Fibrin Microneedling with RF Contour TRL Erbium Laser Botox / Dysport / Xeomin Better Care, Better Results see for yourself Contour TRL Erbium Laser before & after Lip Filler Before and After BBL Before and After From first-time facials to advanced skin resurfacing, we start every concern with an in-depth, no-pressure conversation. Got a million questions? Good, we've got answers. Want to know all of your options, including the ones we'd skip? That's exactly what consultations are for! Not sure what you need? Let’s figure it out together. BOOK YOUR CONSULTATION find your modern medspa Two Locations, One Thoughtful Standard of Care. Medspa Services in Hooksett Medspa Services in Plymouth Explore Hooksett Services Explore Plymouth Services Your browser does not support the video tag. Take a Look Inside Modern Medspa Hooksett From the moment you walk through our doors, we want you to feel comfortable, cared for, and confident in the experience ahead. HOOKSETT, NH modern medicine for better skin modern medicine for better skin modern medicine for better skin modern medicine for better skin modern medicine for better skin modern medicine for better skin modern medicine for better skin modern medicine for better skin MORE ABOUT US Working within our field, it’s easy for people to reduce what we do to vanity. To narrow in on beauty standards or chase perfection. But we’ve never seen it that way. Because what we actually see, every single day in our office, is something much more important. Relief, confidence, excitement — what happens below the surface when you feel your best in better skin. That is the best part of our jobs, and it’s exactly why we take our work personally at Modern Medspa. Want to meet the team behind your treatments? We know the best transformations are never just skin deep. ★★★★★ "I went to Jess with super super botched lip filler from somewhere else. I didn’t think there was any possibility of it being fixed but she works miracles! She not only dissolved the filler I had but managed to refill them to what I initially wanted. She is kind, talented, and non judgmental. 10/10 would recommend" Cadence Solsky ★★★★★ "Best MedSpa Ever!! Highly recommend coming here! Jess was amazing and took the time to truly listen to all my concerns regarding my face. Addi did my lash lift and it came out great too!! Highly recommend this place- both Jess and Addi are truly professional and great people." Lilli Hahn ★★★★★ "I highly recommend Kristen! I am so happy I found her. She is so caring and truly takes the time to listen to your wants and needs to be sure you are happy!" Ashley Thomas ★★★★★ "Absolutely worth the visit. Jess that does my treatments is knowledge and the quality is above and beyond the other medspas I have used previously. It’s clear that she’s an owner that truly cares above providing outstanding service to anyone that walks in the door." Brittany ★★★★★ "Jess is incredible, she treats you like a real person with warmth and kindness. She listens to what you want to achieve with the services offered (in this case, cheek filler) and she has the expertise to meet your goals." Meagan P ★★★★★ "Addi is amazing!! Genuinely the best esthetician I have ever been to. She’s so understanding and listens to my concerns. And actually takes action to solve those issues instead of trying to sell products or giving me a service I don’t need for a money grab. I couldn’t recommend her more!" Jenna Clarke ★★★★★ "I went to Jess with super super botched lip filler from somewhere else. I didn’t think there was any possibility of it being fixed but she works miracles! She not only dissolved the filler I had but managed to refill them to what I initially wanted. She is kind, talented, and non judgmental. 10/10 would recommend" Cadence Solsky ★★★★★ "Best MedSpa Ever!! Highly recommend coming here! Jess was amazing and took the time to truly listen to all my concerns regarding my face. Addi did my lash lift and it came out great too!! Highly recommend this place- both Jess and Addi are truly professional and great people." Lilli Hahn ★★★★★ "I highly recommend Kristen! I am so happy I found her. She is so caring and truly takes the time to listen to your wants and needs to be sure you are happy!" Ashley Thomas ★★★★★ "Absolutely worth the visit. Jess that does my treatments is knowledge and the quality is above and beyond the other medspas I have used previously. It’s clear that she’s an owner that truly cares above providing outstanding service to anyone that walks in the door." Brittany ★★★★★ "Jess is incredible, she treats you like a real person with warmth and kindness. She listens to what you want to achieve with the services offered (in this case, cheek filler) and she has the expertise to meet your goals." Meagan P ★★★★★ "Addi is amazing!! Genuinely the best esthetician I have ever been to. She’s so understanding and listens to my concerns. And actually takes action to solve those issues instead of trying to sell products or giving me a service I don’t need for a money grab. I couldn’t recommend her more!" Jenna Clarke Client Love ✸ Client Love ✸ Medical Grade Skincare & Wellness Products AT-HOME ROUTINES, TRUSTED BY PROS ZO SKIN HEALTH Modern Medspa is proud to be a Premier ZO Skin Clinic shop zo skin health Biote Nutraceuticals Leading innovators in preventive medicine & hormone health shop Biote Nutraceuticals MEDSPA MEMBERSHIPS MEDSPA Packages Specials & Offers payment plans Want updates on limited-time specials & new services? Share your email & stay in-the-know. First Name Email Address * BOOK YOUR CONSULTATION Ready for skin you love to live in? Paragraph Products ZO Skin Health Biote Nutraceuticals Gift Cards Site Nav Home About All Services Contact Specials Offers Memberships Packages Payment Plans Plymouth, NH Medspa Services in plymouth 151 Main St, Unit 7T, Plymouth, NH 03264 (603) 703-2999 Hooksett, NH Medspa Services in Hooksett 1106 Hooksett Rd, Unit 9, Hooksett, NH 03106 (603) 770-8597 Contact Book a Treatment Book A Consult Get in Touch Email Us where to find us Modern Medspa is a PA-C led aesthetic medicine practice specializing in advanced skin health, anti-aging, and whole person wellness. Medspa Policies Privacy Policy Brand & Website designed by Savina Studios © Modern Medspa, 2026 Words by Morph Copy House Terms & Conditions | Explore Services Home About Plymouth Location Contact Offers Specials Memberships Packages Payment Plans Injectables & Anti-Aging + Neuromodulators Dermal Fillers Sculptra Platelet Rich Fibrin Platelet Rich Fibrin EZ Gel Skin Treatments & Facials + ZO Skin Health Facials Hydrafacials Chemical Peels Laser & Skin Resurfacing + Microneedling Microneedling with Radiofrequency BroadBand Light (BBL) Contour TRL Erbium Laser MOXI Laser Laser Hair Removal Hair Restoration & Scalp Health + PRF Hair Restoration MOXI Laser + Exosomes Restoration Keravive Scalp Hydrafacial Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy + IV Hydration B12 Injections Hormone Replacement Therapy Beauty Services + Brows Lashes Spray Tans Site Nav Medspa Services Hooksett Location book now Gift Cards Products + ZO Skin Health Biote Nutraceuticals