Portland Plastic Surgery | Best Plastic Surgeon Portland Maine Accessibility Tools Skip to main content (207) 213-1867 Home About Meet Dr. Hazboun Our Facility Our Staff The Consultation Testimonials Reviews Media Blog Articles Videos Face Facelift Rhinoplasty Neck Lift Brow Lift Eyelid Lift Chin Implant Ear Surgery Breast Breast Augmentation Breast Implant Options Breast Lift Breast Reduction Breast Revision Gynecomastia Body Liposuction Tummy Tuck Mommy Makeover Brazilian Butt Lift Thigh Lift Arm Lift Body Lift Buttock Lift Labiaplasty Men Liposuction for Men Tummy Tuck for Men Facelift for Men Rhinoplasty for Men Eyelid Lift for Men Gynecomastia NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Hair NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Nutrafol Non-Surgical IV Hydration Injectables BOTOX Cosmetic Dysport Juvéderm Radiesse Restylane SkinVive™ Lip Augmentation with Juvéderm Kybella Facial Rejuvenation Microneedling with PRP ReSmooth IPL Dermaplaning Diamond Glow CoolPeel Microblading Ombre/Powdered Brows Combo Brows Lip Blushing Lash Enhancement Eyelash Extensions Body Treatments Avéli Cellulite Reduction Laser Hair Removal Spider Vein Removal Back Facial V-Shot Skin ZO Skin Health Latisse SkinMedica Spa Gallery Resources FAQ Patient Portal Patient Forms Services Financing Specials COVID Protocol Virtual Consultation (207) 213-1867 Contact Achieve your Most Cherished Aesthetic Goals Play Overview Video First Name* This field is required. Last Name* This field is required. Phone* This field is required. Email* This field is required. This field is required. Submit Submit Welcome to Maine Plastic Surgery A leading plastic surgery provider in the state of Maine Working seamlessly as a team, the staff at Maine Plastic Surgery in Portland offer you the once-in-a-lifetime chance to look and feel like your most authentic, envisioned self. What to Expect as a Patient Gallery Enter Gallery Meet the Doctor Dr. Hazboun, Plastic and Reconstructive Surgeon with dual training in General Surgery and Aesthetic Surgery. Dr. Hazboun completed his training in plastic and reconstructive surgery at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, a leading academic medical institution recognized for its excellence. In addition to this rigorous training in general and plastic surgery, Dr. Hazboun was selected to train for a year at one of a handful of aesthetic surgery subspecialty programs endorsed by the American Aesthetic Society specializing in cosmetic procedures. Meet Dr. Hazboun I had the most amazing experience with him. N.J. I was a patient of Dr. Gardenier when he was the Chief Resident at Mass General Brigham Hospital in Boston, MA. I had three operations done by him, and he is by far the best doctor... N.J. Dr. Jason Gardenier is amazing. C.P. Dr. Jason Gardenier is amazing. He always made sure to explain everything each step of the way. I cannot express my gratitude enough to him for taking me on as a patient. He has g... C.P. Dr. Gardenier is the one I will be trusting with my treatment. O.L. I was Dr. Gardenier's patient in 2021, when he was practicing at BWH in Boston, MA. It was a wonderful experience. Dr. Gardenier is a very skilled surgeon, who is very respectful t... O.L. My experience with Dr. Gardenier was nothing short of amazing. K.G. My experience with Dr. Gardenier was nothing short of amazing. From the initial consultation to post-surgery, Dr. Gardenier was patient, thoughtful, and most importantly, knowledge... K.G. I would highly recommend Dr. Gardenier J.R. I saw Dr. Gardenier for a consult after bariatric surgery. I was looking for a panniculectomy and ended up doing a total abdominoplasty. He was kind and supportive every step of th... J.R. View All Testimonials Face Procedures Bringing back a more confident you Why forfeit a positive first impression by feeling poorly about your appearance? At Maine Plastic Surgery, you can undergo simple, strategic procedures to help boost self-confidence and reduce age-related flaws in the eyes, nose, chin, cheeks and lips. View Face Procedures Facelift Rhinoplasty Neck Lift Brow Lift Eyelid Lift Breast Procedures From augmentation to reconstruction, procedures to help you look and feel your best At Maine Plastic Surgery, achieving the perfect silhouette is possible. Our breast procedures allow you to look and feel your best. Whether you are seeking breast augmentation , breast lift , breast reduction , or breast revision , we’ll help you feel comfortable and happy with the way you look. Watch Video Breast Augmentation Breast Implant Options Breast Lift Breast Revision Few things in life are as rewarding as helping others improve theirs. It is my absolute honor to be able to help others realize the vision that they have for themselves, that they might otherwise never have an opportunity to experience. Thank you all. —Dr. Hazboun Body Procedures Elevating the form and function of your body Why forfeit a positive first impression by feeling poorly about your appearance? At Maine Plastic Surgery, you can undergo simple, strategic procedures to help boost self-confidence and reduce age-related flaws in the eyes, nose, chin, cheeks and lips. Watch Video Liposuction Tummy Tuck Brazilian Butt Lift Thigh Lift Arm Lift Men's Plastic Surgery Aesthetic and surgical procedures for men ready to show the world their best Our staff offers a wide range of procedures to help gentlemen refine their look. From facelifts, to tucks, to hair restoration, we have elevated options for men who desire to present well. When the whole world’s a stage, you want to take the lead. Learn More About Men's Procedures Liposuction Tummy Tuck Facelift Eyelid Lift Gynecomastia NeoGraft & Hair Restoration Spotlight One of the newest and most advanced hair restoration techniques in the world NeoGraft is a cutting edge method of hair restoration, which uses a brand new system for harvesting and implanting healthy hair follicles from one location to another. The results are unlike the previous methods of hair restoration, both in look and feel. Learn More About Neograft Medspa Feature Our luxurious setting is ready for you to relax in, while your refinements are performed This is the space where you’ll always come first and a pampered, elevated experience is where we start. From waxing procedures for your lips, underarms, or bikini area, to eyebrow and eyelash tinting and so much more, our amazing and well-experienced estheticians are here completely for you. Learn More About Medspa Procedures Injectables Facial Rejuvenation Body Treatments Skin Now Offering IV Hydration Refresh your body, elevate your wellness, and support your natural vitality with Maine Plastic Surgery's premium IV Hydration treatments, offered as a standalone luxury and a surgical enhancement. Learn More About IV Hydration State-of-the-art Facility Are you ready to discover what elevates Maine Plastic Surgery into a class of its own? Whether you’re new, or familiar with these wide ranges of options available to elevate one’s look, Dr. Hazboun and the staff of Maine Plastic Surgery in Portland are constantly abreast of the techniques, products, and procedures that refine the looks of both men and women. Let us show you just what can be achieved. Schedule a Consultation Contact Us Home About Face Breast Body Men Hair Non-Surgical Gallery Resources (207) 213-1867 Contact Us (207) 213-1867 Contact Us 1685 Congress St. #301 Portland, ME 04102 (207) 213-1867 Social 4.9 Stars 445 Reviews © Maine Plastic Surgery. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Digital Marketing & Design by Studio 3 Marketing ® (opens in a new tab) Accessibility: If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at (207) 775-1933 . Contact Us