About | Inbloom Health + Medispa Request Consultation Book Online Membership Book Online (603) 818-8777 Londonderry, NH Book Online Menu Book Online Appointment (603) 818-8777 Back All Treatments About Us Patient Resources Shop Gallery Testimonials Contact Us Careers Injectables & Fillers Botox Dermal Fillers Sculptra PRF | PRP Radiesse Lip Filler Cheek Filler Ozempic Face Treatment Skin Treatments Microneedling RF Microneedling Skinwave Facial Skin Tightening PDO Thread Lifts BioRePeelCI3 Chemical Peels SKINVIVE Skincare Laser & Energy Laser Skin Treatments Laser Hair Removal Laser Resurfacing Subnovii Sofwave IPL Laser Genesis Wellness Wellness Overview HRT Hypothyroidism Sexual Health Weight Loss Menopause & Perimenopause Treatment ThermiVa Body Sculpting CoolSculpting Physiq Z Wave Conditions Acne Rosacea Melasma Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND Providers Meet The Team In The Media Payment Plans Membership Blog Events & Offers Accessibility (603) 818-8777 Appointment About Inbloom Health + Medispa Inbloom Health + Medispa Home About Inbloom Health + Medispa is a premier spa offering aesthetic medicine, functional medicine, integrative medicine, and a wellness center in Londonderry, New Hampshire. Our services also extend to surrounding areas such as Windham, Derry, Pelham, Hudson, Salem, Bedford, and Manchester. The practice exudes an elegant, personalized boutique environment where patients receive the treatments they desire to look and feel beautiful. Inbloom Health + Medispa is a low-volume practice, so patients experience premium care without feeling rushed or like a number. Tanya Lawson, ND, and the other practitioners have trained with some of the top anti-aging and aesthetic doctors in the world, so patients always have access to advanced, up-to-date, innovative technology and procedures. Patients suffering from fine lines, wrinkles, acne, age spots, hormone imbalance, chronic diseases, skin laxity, spider veins, stubborn body fat, and more can turn to the experienced aesthetic experts at Inbloom Health + Medispa for top-quality care. Inbloom Health + Medispa offers CoolSculpting®, CoolTone, Botox®, microneedling, Cutera Xeo®, HydraFacial®, Dysport®, Juvéderm®, Restylane®, Kybella®, Sculptra®, InstaLift™, and more to give patients the youthful beauty or aesthetic look they desire without surgery or downtime. The hormone therapy is an additional service available at Inbloom Health + Medispa to help patients improve their sexual health and wellness from the inside out. The practice also has a medically supervised weight loss program. Aesthetic experts work with patients to develop personalized health and wellness treatments that best suit their unique needs and preferences. Inbloom Health + Medispa offers a comprehensive approach to patient health, wellness, and beauty. The spa welcomes new patients and looks forward to helping them achieve their anti-aging and whole body and mind wellness goals. Services What We Offer CoolSculpting Botox® RF Microneedling Dermal Fillers Microneedling Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Treatments Skin Tightening Weight Loss Wellness Sexual Health Hypothyroid Hormone Replacement Therapy Laser Resurfacing Subnovii Skinwave Facial Z Wave Membership Programs Helping Your Beauty Grow Schedule Your Inbloom Health + Medispa Consultation Today Nothing is more important to us at Inbloom Health + Medispa than giving our patients the information they need to make the choices that are right for them and their health. Whether you are seeking wellness advice or interested in our medical aesthetic treatments, appointments may be made with Dr. Tanya Lawson and her staff right away, so stop on by and see us! We are pleased to extend our services to Londonderry, Windham, Derry, Pelham, Hudson, Salem, Bedford, and Manchester communities. Please call (603) 818-8777 or Book your treatment online now . If you have any questions please fill out the short contact form. 25 Buttrick Road, Suite C1, Londonderry, NH 03053 25 Buttrick Road, Suite C1, Londonderry NH 03053 Mon 9AM - 5PM Tues 9AM - 7PM Wed 9AM - 1PM Thurs 9AM - 7PM Fri 8AM - 4PM Sat & Sun Closed 5.0 from 148+ Reviews Medspa Marketing © 2026 Inbloom Health + Medispa All Rights Reserved | Sitemap | Services | Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Careers