About Us - Auburn Med Spa Book an Appointment (334) 501-2221 1935 E Glenn Ave Menu About Us Welcome Financing Our Team Directions Spa Menu Card Spa Packages Card Spa Etiquette Body Sculpting EmSculpt® CoolSculpting ® Elite CoolSculpting® Elite CoolSculpting ® FAQ Laser & RF SCITON BBL™ HERO Laser Hair Removal Laser Tattoo Removal Vivace | RF Microneedling ThermiVa Botox & Filler Botox | Dysport | Daxxify Juvederm | Restylane Skin Care Professional Skin Care Consultation Specialty Facials Microneedling | SkinPen® Chemical Peels Waxing Eyelash Extensions Jane Iredale ® Makeup Massage Massage Menu Swedish Massage | Relaxation Massage Deep Tissue Massage Prenatal Massage Packages About Us Auburn Med Spa is Auburn’s premier medical spa! We specialize in medical skin care and body treatments to keep you young. Our goal is to provide the highest quality medical spa treatments in the most relaxing atmosphere in the Southeast. Skin Care Skincare is our passion. Our estheticians are expertly trained in advance medical techniques. They perform facial hydrating and rejuvenating services to keep your skin healthy and vibrant. They also specialized in sun-damaged skin and inflammatory conditions such as acne and rosacea. Armed with prescription-strength skincare, chemical peels, scrubs, masks, and many other tools, our estheticians will do their best to rejuvenate, revive, and restore your skin. More information. Laser Services Under the direction of Dr. Aquadro, our laser technicians provide a wide range of services. Laser hair removal is a popular service that provides hair reduction for face, underarms, bikini, legs, and back. More information. Photorejuvenation is also performed with BBL (broad band light) to remove brown spots, fine lines, and wrinkles. More information. CoolSculpting Elite CoolSculpting® Elite uses the latest incredible technology to freeze and eliminate unwanted fat cells without surgery or downtime. The procedure is FDA cleared, safe and effective. The results are lasting and amazing! More information. Massage Services We offer traditional massage services such as Deep Tissue, Swedish massage and prenatal massage. Come relax and rejuvenate! More information. Follow us on Facebook! Auburn Med Spa Instagram Feed Appointment availability today for you!!! Don’t Less than 24 hours away! Come and see us tomorrow SPECIALS!!! Don’t miss out on all of these amazi Event special Thursday, July 30th!!! Come join us Load More... Follow on Instagram Buy a Gift Card! Hours & Info 1935 E Glenn Ave Suite 201 Auburn, AL 36830 (334) 501-2221 ***** M: 9 am - 5 pm T: 9 am - 5 pm W: 9 am - 5:30 pm R: 9 am - 6 pm F: 9 am - 5 pm S: By Appointment Sun: closed Contact Us: Name * E-mail * Contact Number Comment or Message * Comment Submit Stay Connected Auburn Med Spa, LLC Auburn Med Spa is East Alabama's newest medical spa. Not only do we offer spa services such as massage, facials, waxing and acupuncture, but we offer the newest technology such as CoolSculpting, EmSculpt, laser hair removal, ThermiVa, microneedling, microblading, Botox, Fillers, and much, much more. Come see why Auburn Med Spa is your location Where Wellness Meets Beauty! Auburn Med Spa 1935 E Glenn Ave STE 201 Auburn, AL 36830 Phone: (334) 501-2221 E-mail: 1935 E Glenn Ave Website: https://www.auburnmedspa.com © 2017 Auburn Med Spa, LLC. All Rights Reserved 1.61803398875 Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website