Skin Farm - Skincare, Facial Services MAINE SKIN MAINE SKIN MAINE SKIN MAINE SKIN MAINE SKIN Home Book Contact Us About Gift Card MAINE SKIN MAINE SKIN MAINE SKIN MAINE SKIN Home Book Contact Us About Gift Card DMK Remove - Rebuild - Protect - Maintain Paramedical skin revision working on the internal structure of the skin. DMK is the only company in the world to utilize transfer messenger enzymes - working with your lymphatic & circulatory systems. Along with DMK treatments, I offer home prescriptives. These are active, potent ingredients that work with the bodies natural chemistry at a cellular level. Skin Farm Vitamin C Facial $75 My classic facial formulated for all skin types & conditions. We discuss your individual skin concerns & customize products that suit you best. This Vitamin C skincare line is packed with antioxidants and amazing anti-aging benefits.You will leave feeling hydrated, exfoliated & smelling amazing. Tip : Add the dermaplaning for increased exfoliation. Clear Skin Facial $75 A facial formulated for oily, congested, dry, acne prone skin - this treatment includes a deep double cleanse, exfoliation of dead skin cell buildup, extractions, a hydrating healing masque, high-frequency and blue light therapy targeting acne bacteria & calming inflammation. We will discuss lifestyle habits, diet, pore clogging ingredients and work together to get your skin back on track. Fire & Ice Facial $90 Amazing for dull, inflamed, acne or advanced aging! Experience the ultimate exfoliation and rejuvenation. The ‘fire’ step includes a powerful resurfacing masque. The heat increases blood flow, circulation & nutrient supply to the skin. Followed by the ‘ice’ step which is a cooling gel that utilizes thermal homeostasis to exfoliate. Dead cells freeze, fracture and fall away revealing the fresh new layer of cells. Amazing before events. Add dermaplaning for increased exfoliation! Procell Microchanneling $299 (Through February, this treatment is on special for $199) We age visibly and invisibly every single day through sun damage, internal inflammation, chemicals & gravity. As we age, our ability to repair this damage diminishes drastically. Microchanneling stimulates your body’s natural ability to generate new healthy skin. Through hundreds of thousands of microchannels Procell serums improve hyperpigmentation, scar tissue deposition, skin firmness, elasticity, texture & tone. 90 min downtime! Foamy Lift Facial $125 A step down from DMK Enzyme Therapy - this treatment activates microcirculation to keep skin functioning optimally. It tightens & tones the skin by removing dead skin cell buildup. You will leave feeling lighter, brighter and more hydrated from the inside out. The best treatment before a special event! Dermaplaning is included in this service. DMK Enzyme Therapy $175 This 90 minute treatment, recommended for all skin conditions, heals your skin from the inside out. Using transfer messenger enzymes, Enzyme Therapy encourages blood circulation, oxygenation & lymphatic drainage, while simultaneously, through reverse osmosis, helps flush away toxins and free radicals - leaving behind a healthy cell matrix. This treatment is one of the healthiest treatments you can do for your skin! Dermaplaning is included. DMK Muscle Banding $225 Also known as the "non-surgical face lift," this masque works by causing muscle contractions to lift, firm & tighten the skin. Muscle banding is like a workout for your skin. Visible results will be seen after the first treatment. Suitable for all skin types wanting to prevent and revise signs of aging. Add Dermaplaning $30 The ultimate form of exfoliation! Using a medical grade disposable, sterile scalpel - dermaplaning removes the top layer of dead skin & stubborn peach fuzz. With no down time at all, this level of exfoliation leaves your skin feeling smoother than ever! This procedure stimulates those new skin cells, leaving a more youthful and dewy complexion minimizing the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles & hyperpigmentation - allowing your skincare products to better penetrate giving you maximum results. Microchanneling Hair Growth $250 - $400 As we age, the growth phase of the hair cycle gets shorter and shorter resulting in hair loss or thinning. Hair growth signal boosters will help turn these follicles back on to start growing again. Each treatment will reduce the rate of hair loss & promote new growth, activate dormant stem cells within the follicle, increase fullness & density, and improve overall hair structure. For best results pair home hair care serum with professional treatments. Lash Lift & Tint $60 Get up & go! Everyone needs this low maintenance, effortless look. The lash lift accentuates your natural lash while the tint allows your eye color to pop! Results last 6-8 weeks. Eyebrow Tint & Shape $30 Brow Lamination $75 This treatment gives your brows a set, uniform shape. Your brows will appear fuller & more lifted. This treatment includes wax & tint. Results typically last 4-6 weeks depending on lifestyle. Lash Extensions Contact me for details. Eyebrow Wax $15 Underarm Wax $20 Lip Wax $10 Contact Us Drop us a line! Name Email* Send This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Maine Skin 465 Main Street, Lewiston, Maine 04240, United States Hours Open today 08:00 am – 05:00 pm Get directions Social Reviews Give the Gift of Youthful Skin Buy Gift Card Copyright © 2024 Maine Skin - All Rights Reserved. Powered by This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Decline Accept eGift Cards Available Now eGift Card