Medical Spa, Portsmouth, NH. | Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics Skip to content Facebook Instagram Envelope (603) 821-0565 Home Services Coolsculpting Botox Dermal Fillers Laser Treatments Skin Rejuvenation SKINVIVE by Juvéderm Asclera® Injection About Us Payment Plans Specials Before and Afters New Patients Blog Contact Us Online Booking Shop Now Gift Cards Skin Medica Zo Skin Health Book Now Home Services Coolsculpting Botox Dermal Fillers Laser Treatments Skin Rejuvenation SKINVIVE by Juvéderm Asclera® Injection About Us Payment Plans Specials Before and Afters New Patients Blog Contact Us Online Booking Shop Now Gift Cards Skin Medica Zo Skin Health Book Now Best Med Spa in Portsmouth, NH Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics offers a wide range of aesthetic services, from Botox Injections and Dermal Fillers to Diamond Glow Medical Grade Facials and Laser Skin Services . Book Now Services Explore all the services that we provide to transform yourself and give yourself a new glow. Dermal Fillers Skin Rejuvenation Botox More Services #No.1 Med Spa In Portsmouth, NH Dr. Ballentyne opened Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics in May of 2017 alongside his daughter, Alexis. We wanted to create an environment that was confidential and intimate, but also casual and comfortable for our patients. More About Us State of the Art Med Spa in Portsmouth, NH Welcome to the Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics site. Whether you are new to the idea of medical aesthetic services or interested in learning more about the Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics Practice in Portsmouth, N.H., we are happy to have you onboard to the journey of transformation with some of the amazing technologies we use. Get in touch to know more about our process and services. Contact Us Now Rest Your Face in the Hands of Dr. Ballentyne We believe that receiving care should be a positive experience. At Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics, our goal is to deliver the highest quality of services in a relaxing, supportive environment. Request Appointment Before & After Like the results you see? To learn more about all of the aesthetic services Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics offers, click on the button now. View More Results Get the Products You Need Delivered Right To Your Door! Order your SkinMedica products online and get free shipping through our website. Never run out of your favorite products with auto-ship and earn your Brilliant Distinctions® points with every purchase! Skin Medica Zo Skin Health News & Updates Botox Aftercare: What to Do and Avoid After Treatment Botox aftercare is simple, but the first several hours after treatment matter. To help support… Learn more How To Choose the Right Medical Spa for Aesthetic Treatments Choosing the right medical spa means putting safety and expertise ahead of low prices. A… Learn more The Secret to the Perfect Pout: Why February is Lip Filler Season in Portsmouth, NH When we think of February in Portsmouth, we think of cozy evenings at Market Square,… Learn more What Our Clients Say I trust Dr. Ballentyne to consistently do amazing work! The staff is friendly and welcoming. Always a pleasure to come to Dr. B's. The office in general is very professional and efficient yet welcoming and alive/fun thanks to his staff (Alexis and Meghan). Great thanks all around. Dr. Ballentyne did a fantastic job as always, keeps me looking the way I did 20+ years ago! More you care about yourself makes you more beautiful View Our Services Contact Us Still have questions? Feel free to send us a message with any concerns and one of our staff members would be happy to chat with you. If you are a new patient, please click here to fill out our New Patient Form. Email office@ballentynemedicalaesthetics.com Call Us (603) 319-8432 Address 767 Islington Street, Suite 1A Portsmouth, NH, 03801 Book an Appointment Subscribe to get daily updates Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics provides promising and customized solutions to meet the needs of each individual client. Our medical aesthetics is now the best med-spa in Portsmouth, NH, creating a confidential and intimate environment for our patients. Hours Monday : 8:30-4:30 Tuesday : 8:30-4:30 Wednesday : 10:30-4:30 Thursday : 8:30-4:30 Friday : 9:00-2:30 Saturday : First and Third Saturday Appointments By Request Sunday : Closed Quick Links About Services Shop Now Blog Contact Us Get In Touch 767 Islington Street, Suite 1A Portsmouth, NH 03801 office@ballentynemedicalaesthetics.com (603) 319-8432 Facebook Instagram © 2021 Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics. All Right Reserved $50 OFF For any New Patient! For this month only we giving $50 off for any new patient that comes in for any of our services. Contact us today to claim this offer! Grab This Deal Before It’s Gone!