Testimonials | The Plastic Surgery Center & Spa Accessibility Tools Skip to main content (207) 213-1867 Home About Meet Dr. Hazboun Our Facility Our Staff The Consultation Testimonials Reviews Media Blog Articles Videos Face Facelift Rhinoplasty Neck Lift Brow Lift Eyelid Lift Chin Implant Ear Surgery Breast Breast Augmentation Breast Implant Options Breast Lift Breast Reduction Breast Revision Gynecomastia Body Liposuction Tummy Tuck Mommy Makeover Brazilian Butt Lift Thigh Lift Arm Lift Body Lift Buttock Lift Labiaplasty Men Liposuction for Men Tummy Tuck for Men Facelift for Men Rhinoplasty for Men Eyelid Lift for Men Gynecomastia NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Hair NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Nutrafol Non-Surgical IV Hydration Injectables BOTOX Cosmetic Dysport Juvéderm Radiesse Restylane SkinVive™ Lip Augmentation with Juvéderm Kybella Facial Rejuvenation Microneedling with PRP ReSmooth IPL Dermaplaning Diamond Glow CoolPeel Microblading Ombre/Powdered Brows Combo Brows Lip Blushing Lash Enhancement Eyelash Extensions Body Treatments Avéli Cellulite Reduction Laser Hair Removal Spider Vein Removal Back Facial V-Shot Skin ZO Skin Health Latisse SkinMedica Spa Gallery Resources FAQ Patient Portal Patient Forms Services Financing Specials COVID Protocol Virtual Consultation (207) 213-1867 Contact Testimonials Home About Testimonials Video Testimonials My Mommy Makeover Journey | Patient Testimonial at Maine Plastic Surgery Rhinoplasty Splint Reveal | Patient Testimonial at Maine Plastic Surgery Why I Love My Facials at Maine Plastic Surgery | Patient Testimonial Rhinoplasty Changed My Breathing | Patient Testimonial at Maine Plastic Surgery One Week Post-Op Rhinoplasty Cast Removal | Patient Testimonial at Maine Plastic Surgery Breast Augmentation Experience at Maine Plastic Surgery | Patient Testimonial Patient Testimonial — Maine Plastic Surgery Patient Testimonial — Maine Plastic Surgery Patient Testimonial — Maine Plastic Surgery Rhinoplasty Reveal Rhinoplasty Reveal Patient Testimonial — Maine Plastic Surgery Tummy Tuck and Breast Augmentation Patient Testimonial Tummy Tuck and Breast Lift Patient Testimonial Tummy Tuck Patient Testimonial Rhinoplasty Reveal: 1 Week Post-Op at Maine Plastic Surgery! Full Abdominoplasty with Lipo and Muscle Repair at Maine Plastic Surgery! Rhinoplasty Reveal Rhinoplasty Reveal Mommy Makeover Rhinoplasty Reveal Breast Augmentation and Lift Abdominoplasty & Scar Revision Rhinoplasty Testimonial Scar Revision Testimonial Rhinoplasty Patient Testimonial Rhinoplasty And Breast Implant Removal Testimonial Breast Augmentation Experience at Maine Plastic Surgery Breast Augmentation Patient Testimonial Sandy's Filler Experience at Maine Plastic Surgery Arm Lift Experience at Maine Plastic Surgery Patient at Main Plastic Surgery Talks About Her Experience With Brooke Maine Plastic Surgery Patient Talks About Her Experience With The Staff Patient Testimonial for Maine Plastic Surgery Maine Plastic Surgery - Belt Lipectomy - Patient Testimonial Maine Plastic Surgery - Patient Testimonial Dr. Weisberg - Client Testimonial Video testiominal Patient Testimonial — Maine Plastic Surgery Testimonial Christa's Testimonial Video Testimonial | Maine Plastic Surgery Video Testimonial | Maine Plastic Surgery Video Testimonial | Maine Plastic Surgery Mommy Makeover | Maine Plastic Surgery To The Staff Of Dr. Weisberg You are The Best Group of people I have ever had! You ALL made me feel so comfortable. Dr. Weisberg should be very proud of you all. He's a lucky man and so am I. Thank you so much! Dear Dr. Weisberg And Staff, Thank all of you for a wonderful experience before, during and after my rhinoplasty last month. I am so very happy with my results and it continues to get better each day. Every time I came into the office everyone was all smiles and very comforting. Dr. Weisberg, you always made me feel at ease and okay with surgery and recovery. I received my before and after pictures in the mail at my new address in Missouri. Thanks for sending them so promptly. I wish all of you the best and will definitely be back if I need anything else!! Sincerely, J.M. Dr. Weisberg In a time of dispute, you offer peace (of mind!) In a time of aggravation, you propose tranquility (when a woman frets). In a time of fury, you submit harmony (with your kind ways & bedside manners!) You are not only loved, (cherished, believed in & appreciated!) You are needed (in a world where many just don’t get it right!) Thank you for being the kind of person who make a difference in the world (mine) by reaching out to lighten burdens and soothe hearts (or ravaged bodies some wrinkles or tired eyes). Thank you for being you. You Made My Decision Such An Easy One Thank you for the beautiful scarf and yummy chocolate. You were such a comfort from the first conversation on the phone and made my decision such an easy one. Dear Dr. Weisberg, How do I begin to let you know how much I appreciate what you did for me? You actually gave me back my self-image. I think, without realizing it, I had lost it for a while. I had become so self-conscious of my nose that I felt that that was all people saw when they looked at me. I can't get over the difference!! It's like night and day! You have quite a gift. I'm sure that over the years you've had many people leave your office with a skip in their step and a smile on their face. I sure am one of them. I'm thrilled with the results. Lastly, I want to let you know that your staff is the best. (as if you don't already know that) They were all friendly, courteous and accommodating. I never once felt like just a number in your office. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!!! You Are The Best Dr. Cederna, You are the best Plastic Surgeon! Thank you for the superb surgical artistry with my eyes! Everyone has been impressed with your work (Co-workers, friend & family). Dear Dr. Weisberg, From the first time I visited your office I have had a warm welcome and knew I was dealing with a staff that is committed to excellence. Your hand picked team really put me at ease and I feel very well informed about what to expect before, during and after surgery, thanks to Krista’s meeting. She always put a smile on my face! I was very impressed as well with Dr. Frederick. She took all the time I needed to explain her role in the operating room and answered all my questions. She was awesome! However it is the surgeon who with skilled hand & eye can make the surgery successful with pleasant results. I have the highest regard for your work and my face lift of eleven years ago can attest to that statement. If ever you need a reference or a patient would like to speak with a client of yours, please feel free to have them call me. I believe I chose wisely and would want them to do the same! Thanks so much! Dr. Weisberg, With warm appreciation for all you've given of your time, your energy, and yourself in the job you take such pride in. I want to thank you so very much for giving me my quality of life back. Sincere Thanks, To A Wonderful Doctor & Staff! You were all sent from God as I had nowhere else to turn. Know as you finish with me in the coming weeks, I'll always love & pray for all of you! I can't wait until I have a chest that doesn't look deformed! Again Thanks, God Bless, Dear Psc Staff & Dr. Weisberg, Thank you so much for your outstanding patient care, and for my incredible results. I was very comfortable and well-informed from start to finish. My results were better than I expected! I will recommend PSC to all of my friends and family. Thank you! Thank you! You are the best!!! Thank You So Much For Being So Open And Informative... Thank you so much for being so open and informative at my Consultation this past week. I look forward to my procedure with full confidence in your office. Thank you! Dr. Weisberg & Staff, I can't Thank you enough for the expert care and genuine concern you showed me during my surgery. You made me feel so cared for and special. I am truly Thankful and am so happy with the results! I can't express enough how much I enjoyed the whole experience. I will gladly "show & tell" all my friends and direct them to your office and the wonderful staff that makes up the "Plastic Surgery Center". Thank you again - I adore you all! To All My Little Butterflies, Thank You so very much for each and every part you all play in this wonderful and outstanding office everyday! Much Love - Enjoy Happy Spring From Caterpillars to Butterflies you have all assisted in my transformation! Smile and Fly High You Beautiful Butterflies Thanks Again! 🙂 To Everyone In The Office - Erika, Ellen, Krista, Etc... Everyone in the office & Surgical Suite. You are all to be commended for your genuine kindness, attention to detail and making me feel comfortable. Enjoy these Fabulous chocolates!! Dear Penny Thank you so very much for all of your time & patience in answering all of my questions. In addition, Thank you so much for your kindness with regard to the tummy tuck cancellation. I am so happy with my arms, hopefully soon I can re-schedule the tummy tuck too! I greatly appreciated the gift box and definitely enjoyed the chocolates too! Penny, from start to finish, you have made my entire experience very easy and enjoyable. Thank you so very much. Regards, Dear Dr. Weisberg & Staff, "Thank you for the exceptional care I received while at your office. From the moment I walked in, your staff made me feel so comfortable and at ease. I am recovering well and I am very pleased with the outcome. You and your staff are truly some of the most caring people I have ever met. Thank you for everything." Dear Krista Et Al, To all of you who have been so kind, thoughtful and caring to me- Over the years I have always received not only excellent medical care with outstanding results, but have always been greeted with warmth and genuine kindness and a "Happy to see you, Maggie" attitude. Thank you for acknowledging my retirement. The scarf is lovely and I most certainly use the gift card. As Arnold says, "I'll be back"- I'm one of those forever patients. Gratefully, Dear Dr. Weisberg, Krista, Dr. Frederick, And Everyone Else Involved In My Care, Thank you all for being so caring and nice (from my initial visit and all visits after). I was very nervous the morning of surgery and you all helped put me at ease. This was something I've wanted to do for a very long time, and the worrywart part of me kept thinking about what might go wrong, instead of how GREAT I would feel & look once it was done. Dr. Weisberg made me feel confident that he knew exactly what he was doing, as did everybody else. I know I've got a long way to go until I'm fully healed, but I already feel that this is a decision I won't regret, and that I will be very pleased with the results. I just wanted you all to know that you did a great job of making me feel like this decision to have "plastic surgery", which comes with some stigma attached to it, was the right one for me and my own self-confidence. Thanks again for everything. Dear Dr. Weisberg, Penny And All The Girls, I don't know how to thank you for such a wonderful experience as a patient in your care. This was a difficult time for me as I dealt with a trying situation out of my control. I am so happy to have chosen your center to help correct my situation. I have neverf felt more comfortable, supported and loved by a team of professional people, in an "at-home" envioroment. Please realize how grateful I am and will recommend you tenfold. In appreciation, I Dare Not Think Where I Would Be Today Without You As in our first letters, I know I tend to gush over all you folks about all you have done for and mean to me, but I dare not think where I would be today without you. You will find this funny. The other day a friend gave me a hug and said, “oh, I wish my breasts felt this firm!” November 9th it will be 3 years since my surgery with Dr. Weisberg. Sometimes I can’t believe it’s been this long and some days it all feels like yesterday. Of course some days I really miss that part of me that could feel my husband’s touch (TMI?) But, you folks did something amazing for me. You allowed me to get on with my life. During those months with you, with the prior surgeries, infections, poor reconstruction and then the second cancer diagnosis, I needed someone to take over. I was tapped out. I couldn’t see one more step in front of me. And you folks took my crumpled mind and body and compassionately walked me through the tunnel until I could see some light. In reading the testimonials on your website I know many people say similar things. I don’t want to infer that what I went through was greater than your other patients, but I think it was different. I have never been sick before. I was scared of this disease called cancer, and I had to hear that word twice. What I was told would be two surgeries turned into four before I met you. All the promises of sacrificing one breast for a positive reconstructive outcome were dashed when I was left with a broken, numb chest. The thoughts go through your mind. Will I recover from this disease? How much will cancer take from me? Will I ever stop feeling self conscious in front of my husband and dare to stop wearing the camisole to bed? I have the unique position of experiencing the differences of two plastic surgeons. I know the difference between a devastating outcome and an artist’s touch, extreme pain days after surgery and amazing mobility and manageable pain within days. But most of all, is the cloud of despair lifting away to rays of hope. I have Dr. Weisberg and all of you to thank for that. I know this email is wordy. I just felt like writing when I saw your email, and the “anniversary” of all of this rolled around. I hope you all never forget what you did for us. Thank you so much for your kindness and understanding during my recent surgery. You are all the best. Dr. Weisberg, Thank you so much for the perfect job you did on my neck & chin. You're not only a great Doctor but also an artist. Most of all you make people feel good about themselves. What a great gift you have to give people. Thank you so much, My journey is completing Thank you all so much! With Special Thanks Dear Dr. Weisberg, Ellen, Krista, Christy, Erika & Penny... For everything you've done... for being the special people that you are... thank you so very much. Sincerely, C.W. Dr. Weisberg, I just wanted to say thank you for your excellent care I received during my recent surgery. All of your staff are top notch! Krista, Kristy, Ellen, all of you made your establishment a top notch operation! I also wanted to thank Dr. Frederick for her excellent anesthesia techniques - excellent! Little to no pain and no memory! You are all great and I do feel blessed with my results! Dear Dr. Weisberg, I want to Thank you so much for your time and information. I am looking to the end of March 22/24 for the facelift. I am having my 50th College Reunion al UMass Amherst in June and want to take back time. I will be in touch with Penny. Your staff is outstanding! Time at the latest would be April. My sincere appreciation again. Blessings, I Was So Very Impressed... I was so very impressed by the heartfelt sensitivity, understanding, compassion and care that I received by everyone I came in contact with at The Plastic Surgery Center. They really are a dream team of absolutely outstanding, generous and highly skilled people, and I was blessed to have them in my corner and looking after me through the whole process. Everyone was so kind and giving of their time. Erika was an absolute delight to deal with. Krista and Ellen were so knowledgeable, considerate and thoughtful that I was completely prepared and very comfortable when the day came for my surgery which I elected to have without anesthesia. Awake in the operating room, I was so relaxed knowing that Dr. Weisberg, Laura, and Christy were there watching over me and working their magic to fulfill my desire of a more youthful appearance . I was surprised at how peaceful and painless the whole procedure was with Ellen always nearby to hold my hand if necessary. Dr. Weisberg is truly a cosmetic artist who surrounds himself with a team of very special individuals and I would highly recommend him and his wonderful staff to anyone considering a cosmetic procedure. Thank you all!! You Are A Positive .... To Dr. Weisberg and all his Office Support...You are a positive and terrific force. It is always a joy to see you all. Thanks for my facial improvements. Dr. Weisberg, Ellen & Staff, Many Thanks for a wonderful experience from beginning to end. I'm thrilled with the results & more thrilled to have met such awesome people. Dear Dr. Weisberg, Krista, Et Al Thank you so very much for restoring me to my old self. I feel like a million bucks. And my lips look fabulous. The icing on the cake. It's so fun to wear lipstick & turn heads again. My self confidence is fully restored, thanks to you guys. Thanks for all your compassion and professionalism. I'll see you for a tune up after awhile (Restylane). Have a glorious summer... Schedule a Consultation Contact Us Home About Face Breast Body Men Hair Non-Surgical Gallery Resources (207) 213-1867 Contact Us (207) 213-1867 Contact Us 1685 Congress St. #301 Portland, ME 04102 (207) 213-1867 Social 4.9 Stars 445 Reviews © Maine Plastic Surgery. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Digital Marketing & Design by Studio 3 Marketing ® (opens in a new tab) Accessibility: If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at (207) 775-1933 . Contact Us