Ericka McCarron - Owner and Founder Skip to content Book Your Treatment Today! (603)-580-5296 Treatments Body Treatments Emsculpt Neo Coolsculpting Elite Coolsculpting for Chin Hormone Replacement Therapy Hair Solutions Alma TED Laser Hair Removal PRP Hair Restoration Wellness Peptide Therapy Weight Loss HRT O-Shot for Female Sexual Wellness Injectables Neurotoxin Botox Daxxify Dysport Xeomin Dermal Filler With PRP Juvéderm Collection Sculptra Restylane Collection PRP Rejuvenation The Revanesse Collection Skinvive Skin Rejuvenation Sciton BBL Sciton MOXI Sofwave Subnovii Plasma Pen Tetra CO2 Laser Resurfacing The Ultimate Duo Virtue RF Microneedling Medical Grade Skincare Ariessence PDGF BBL Forever Clear™ Chemical Peels CoolPeel CryoClear Hydrafacial Pre and Post Care Instructions About Ericka McCarron – Owner & Founder Our Team The CoolSculpting Center of New England Cosmetic Confidence Reviews Careers Current Promotions Our Legacy Resources Gallery Alma TED Botox CoolSculpting Daxxify Dermal Filler BBL MOXI Gallery Subnovii Sculptra Medical Grade Skincare Patient Resources Cancellation Policy COVID-19 Safety Protocols First Timers Treatment Instructions Alma TED BOTOX & Dysport Chemical Peel CoolPeel CoolSculpting Dermal Filler Ipl And Laser Hair Removal Kybella Subnovii VirtueRF Video Gallery First Timers Cancellation Policy The Well Labs+ Blog FAQ’s Financing Contact Virtual Consultation Treatments Body Treatments Emsculpt Neo Coolsculpting Elite Coolsculpting for Chin Hormone Replacement Therapy Hair Solutions Alma TED Laser Hair Removal PRP Hair Restoration Wellness Peptide Therapy Weight Loss HRT O-Shot for Female Sexual Wellness Injectables Neurotoxin Botox Daxxify Dysport Xeomin Dermal Filler With PRP Juvéderm Collection Sculptra Restylane Collection PRP Rejuvenation The Revanesse Collection Skinvive Skin Rejuvenation Sciton BBL Sciton MOXI Sofwave Subnovii Plasma Pen Tetra CO2 Laser Resurfacing The Ultimate Duo Virtue RF Microneedling Medical Grade Skincare Ariessence PDGF BBL Forever Clear™ Chemical Peels CoolPeel CryoClear Hydrafacial Pre and Post Care Instructions About Ericka McCarron – Owner & Founder Our Team The CoolSculpting Center of New England Cosmetic Confidence Reviews Careers Current Promotions Our Legacy Resources Gallery Alma TED Botox CoolSculpting Daxxify Dermal Filler BBL MOXI Gallery Subnovii Sculptra Medical Grade Skincare Patient Resources Cancellation Policy COVID-19 Safety Protocols First Timers Treatment Instructions Alma TED BOTOX & Dysport Chemical Peel CoolPeel CoolSculpting Dermal Filler Ipl And Laser Hair Removal Kybella Subnovii VirtueRF Video Gallery First Timers Cancellation Policy The Well Labs+ Blog FAQ’s Financing Contact Virtual Consultation Book Now Ericka McCarron—Owner & Founder At About Face — A Well Labs+ Medspa , we believe in treating you as an individual, with individual preferences about your appearance and aesthetic goals that we can help you reach. Get to know our dedicated team and learn more about our diverse portfolio of medical spa treatments. BOOK A CONSULTATION Ericka McCarron, RN & President Ericka is the owner and founder of About Face Medical Aesthetics, the premier aesthetics practice for the Stratham and Portsmouth areas. Ericka has been a registered nurse since 2001, and has specialized in plastics and aesthetics since 2005. Her extensive knowledge of the human face and how it ages, coupled with her advanced injection training, years of experience, gentle touch, and aesthetic eye, all work together to draw patients to her practice, while her incredible results keep them coming back. Ericka's Extensive Experience Ericka has been a faculty member of the Allergan Medical Institute (AMI) since 2011, training physicians and mid-level providers on technique, safety, and application of Botox® Cosmetic , the Juvéderm® Collection of Dermal Fillers , Coolsculpting® , and Kybella® . Additionally, as a Certified Master of Coolsculpting, she has advanced training and years of Coolsculpting experience. This allows her to apply the highest level of skill and knowledge when treating our Coolsculpting® and Cooltone® body contouring patients. Your Aesthetics Expert Ericka travels frequently throughout the country, collaborating with colleagues and immersing herself in her trade so she can continue to provide the most cutting-edge products and techniques to her patients. She is an active member of the International Society of Plastic and Aesthetic Nurses (ISPAN), the American Academy of Medical Esthetic Professionals (AAMEP), and the International Nurses Association (INA), and when she’s not bettering herself in the field of aesthetics, she loves spending time with her children, Devyn and Colin, family, and friends. Testimonials Visit Us 64 Portsmouth Ave Ste 4, Stratham, NH 03885, United States Monday 9 AM – 5 PM Tuesday 9 AM – 6 PM Wednesday 9 AM – 5 PM Thursday 9 AM – 5 PM Friday 9 AM – 3 PM Saturday Closed Sunday Closed (603) 580-5296 BOOK NOW Follow Us on Instagram @aboutfacemedicalaesthetics Providers Before & After Gallery Contact FAQs Our Legacy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions BOOK NOW Questions? Hours Monda 9 am–5 pm Tuesday 9 am–6 pm Wednesday 9 am–5 pm Thursday 9 am–5 pm Friday 9 am–3 pm Saturday Closed Sunday Closed Call (603)-580-5296 Address 64 Portsmouth Ave Ste 4, Stratham, NH 03885, United States Social @aboutfacemedicalaesthetics aboutfacemedicalaesthetics ©Well Labs+ Medspa. All rights reserved. New Clients Booking made easy and convenient. Let our team know how to reach you and we’ll help you book your appointment. First Name Last Name Phone Email By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing texts from About Face Medical Aesthetics. Msg & data rates may apply. Reply STOP to opt out. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use . Submit Form Existing Clients Visited us before? Book instantly using your account. Book Online