About Us - Coastal Aesthetics Skip to content About Reviews Monthly Specials New Patient Offers 30% OFF CO2 Laser $11/Unit Tox + FREE Lip Flip 30% OFF Skin Resurfacing $250 FREE Rejuvenation Credit 10% OFF DENSITY Skin Tightening Treatments Lasers Alma Hybrid CO2 Laser Harmony XL Pro Laser Tattoo Removal Soprano Titanium Laser Hair Removal Body Accent Prime Cellulite Reduction truSculpt ID TruSculpt Flex Face & Skin Chemical Peels DENSITY RF Skin Tightening Dermaplaning Diamond Glow Microneedling Opus Plasma-RF RF Microneedling Sunspot Removal Injectables & Fillers Dermal Fillers Wrinkle Relaxers Hair Restoration Alma TED Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Weight Loss & Wellness Biote Hormone Replacement Medical Weight Loss Injections Skincare Concerns Cellulite Cheek Volume Double Chin Fine Lines & Wrinkles Hair Loss Hyperpigmentation Loose Skin Scars Severe Acne Stretch Marks Patient Programs Loyalty Program Membership Free Skin Analysis Resources Contact Blog eBooks Financing Gift Cards Videos Schedule Consultation Book Now 207-363-2300 About Reviews Monthly Specials New Patient Offers 30% OFF CO2 Laser $11/Unit Tox + FREE Lip Flip 30% OFF Skin Resurfacing $250 FREE Rejuvenation Credit 10% OFF DENSITY Skin Tightening Treatments Lasers Alma Hybrid CO2 Laser Harmony XL Pro Laser Tattoo Removal Soprano Titanium Laser Hair Removal Body Accent Prime Cellulite Reduction truSculpt ID TruSculpt Flex Face & Skin Chemical Peels DENSITY RF Skin Tightening Dermaplaning Diamond Glow Microneedling Opus Plasma-RF RF Microneedling Sunspot Removal Injectables & Fillers Dermal Fillers Wrinkle Relaxers Hair Restoration Alma TED Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Weight Loss & Wellness Biote Hormone Replacement Medical Weight Loss Injections Skincare Concerns Cellulite Cheek Volume Double Chin Fine Lines & Wrinkles Hair Loss Hyperpigmentation Loose Skin Scars Severe Acne Stretch Marks Patient Programs Loyalty Program Membership Free Skin Analysis Resources Contact Blog eBooks Financing Gift Cards Videos Schedule Consultation Book Now Menu Meet Our team We are committed to providing you with the highest level of care and support, and we will do everything we can to help you achieve your aesthetic goals Kimberlee Medical Director Growing up in coastal York Maine she knew she wanted to provide her community members with a safe and relaxing office while producing natural and beautiful aesthetic results. Coastal Aesthetics opened its doors in May 2017 and continues to grow and expand, making sure treatments are top-of-the-line and the best possible. Kimberlee has past experience and training in Urgent Care Medicine and is a Board-Certified Family Nurse Practitioner. Kimberlee received training and certification at the National Laser Institute in Boston, MA, and received advanced training in cosmetic treatments at the Esthetics Skin Institute. She is continually advancing her education and advancing her techniques through advanced training courses throughout the country. She is a Master Injector, trained by Allergan, whom she continues to train with several times throughout the year. Kimberlee is a national speaker, educator and faculty member of Alma Lasers and is recognized within the aesthetics community as an expert in laser skin treatments. Jackie Esthetician Jackie was born and raised in Stratham, NH, and graduated from The Institute of Skin Science in 2009. She has a passion for helping patients achieve their skincare goals. Over the years, she has gained experience working in a variety of spas and medical spas, receiving training in numerous aesthetics treatments, skincare procedures, and products. Her approach centers on creating personalized treatment plans that not only improve skin health and appearance but also make patients feel confident and comfortable in their own skin. Outside of the office, Jackie enjoys spending time with her boyfriend, Benedict, her family, weight training, reading, and their beloved dog, King. Lindsey PA-C Lindsey graduated from Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences in 2020 with her Masters in Physician Assistant Studies and spent a year in Gastroenterology before transitioning to Plastic Surgery which she has been in for the past 2 1/2 years. There, she received advanced 1-on-1 training with a board certified plastic surgeon and has developed a vast knowledge of facial anatomy and advanced training in injectables. She became interested in aesthetics due to her artistic background which helped develop her critical eye and attention to detail. This sparked her passion of providing natural injectables and skin rejuvenation treatments. Her goal as an aesthetic provider is to help her patients feel more confident and empowered by delivering a natural result with a skin-focused and full face approach. Outside of the office she enjoys spending time with her high school sweetheart, Keith, her 1 year old boy, Kaden, and Australian Shepard, Blu. Jillian Nurse Injector Jillian grew up in Saco, Maine, and graduated from Saint Joseph’s College of Maine with a Bachelor’s degree of Science in Nursing. She started her nursing career in a Maine community hospital on the medical surgical unit before moving on to her most recent nursing position as clinical coordinator for a wound healing and hyperbaric medicine office. Jillian has always had a passon for helping patients heal and making a positive impact in their health. She is excited to continue this with all of the services that Coastal Aesthetics has to offer. Outside of work, you’ll find Jillian at the beach and spending time with her children and husband. Jen RN Jen began her career as an ICU nurse before discovering her passion for medical aesthetics. Inspired by her own skincare journey, she completed advanced aesthetic training and transitioned fully into the aesthetic field. She has now been performing aesthetic injectables and advanced skin treatments for nearly five years, bringing a thoughtful, clinically grounded, and natural-looking approach to every patient she treats. Her philosophy is simple. Enhance natural beauty without changing who you are. Erin Patient Services Specialist Erin Murphy is a longtime Seacoast resident who originally hails from South Portland Maine. She earned a B.S. in Education from UMF and spent many years of her career working as a teacher. Erin has always had an eye for detail and a unique style all of which make her a great fit for our team here at Coastal Aesthetics. In her free time, she loves to read, hunt down vintage treasures in the local antique stores and spend time with her husband and two children. As the Practice Manager, Erin is critical to keeping all aspects of Coastal Aesthetics’ day-to-day operations running smoothly. Testimonials What Our Clients Say Patient satisfaction is our number one priority at Coastal Aesthetics I love going to Costal Aesthetics, the spa is gorgeous and the staff is so friendly! I would highly recommend giving them a try if you’re looking to upgrade your skincare routine or are looking to learn more about medical grade skincare and treatments. I always look forward to my appointments! I moved home from Nashville and was so nervous about going to a different doctor but Kim is amazing. She understand everything without me even telling her. She was so sweet and helpful and I could not be happier with my results!! I’m already planning my next trip to Maine to see her again! Kim and her team at Coastal Aesthetics are professional, friendly, and knowledgeable. The spa is extremely clean, modern, and welcoming and offers services for both women and men. I strongly recommend reaching out for a consultation if you’re interested in learning more about what they can do for you. I have been going to coastal aesthetics for a few months now and have been so impressed so far. It is inviting, clean with all top notch equipment and the staff are knowledgeable, professional and very personable! I will continue to drive out of my way to go here. 5⭐️! I received an IV drip from CA and they did a wonderful job. It was a calm and relaxing experience, and I felt AMAZING when it was done. Will certainly return! Highly recommend to others who are feeling lethargic or unfocused. It will make such a difference! Kim, Amanda, Theresa and the Coastal team are nothing short of amazing. They make you feel so special and comfortable every time you walk through the door. No procedure is forced and they are very knowledgeable and specific to your needs. Make yourself a priority and treat yourself to a treatment here!! Contact Us 1537 US Route 1 Cape Neddick, Maine 03902 (207) 363-2300 info@coastalaesthetic.com Hours Tue - Fri: 9am - 5pm Sat - Mon: Closed Coastal Aesthetics proudly serves clients throughout southern Maine and New Hampshire. Our premier med spa in York, ME, welcomes patients from Portland, Kennebunk, Kittery, and Portsmouth, NH. Gift Cards Purchase your gift cards online or in-office! Coastal Elite Rewards View our new membership program 5 STARS + 120 REVIEWS Subscribe Newsletter Subscribe Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Name * First Last Email * Consent By submitting my information, I consent to receive calls and text messages from Coastal Aesthetics at the phone number and email address provided. Our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions apply. CAPTCHA Submit Copyright © 2026 Coastal Aesthetics | All Rights Reserved | Accessibility Statement | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Med Spa Marketing by Diamond Accelerator 0 0 Your Cart Your cart is empty Return to Shop Continue Shopping LIMITED TIME OFFERS! For a limited time, transform your skin with our exclusive deals: ✨ Opus Plasma™ – 30% OFF skin resurfacing ✨ Tox – Just $11/unit + FREE lip flip ✨ CO2 Laser – 30% OFF treatment ✨ $250 FREE Rejuvenation Credit – Custom skin plan ✨ 10% OFF DENSITY Skin Tightening Claim Your Deal Now! Limited Time Offers