Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy - Maine Laser and Aesthetics,LLC,PA | Dr. Geraldine Ollila Home Meet the Team Treatments Botox Fillers Age & Sun Spot Removal Facial Vein & Rosacea Treatment Laser Hair Removal Laser Photo Rejuvenation Seborrheic Keratosis & Skin Tag Removal Tattoo Removal Co2 Laser Skin Resurfacing Microblading Microneedling Facial Services Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy Acute Care Lash Extensions Lash Lift & Tint / Brow Lamination and Tint Ear Lobe Repair Lip Blushing PHAZE BEAUTY Products Latisse Monthly Specials Patient Reviews Patient Information Book Client Portal Home Meet the Team Treatments Botox Fillers Age & Sun Spot Removal Facial Vein & Rosacea Treatment Laser Hair Removal Laser Photo Rejuvenation Seborrheic Keratosis & Skin Tag Removal Tattoo Removal Co2 Laser Skin Resurfacing Microblading Microneedling Facial Services Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy Acute Care Lash Extensions Lash Lift & Tint / Brow Lamination and Tint Ear Lobe Repair Lip Blushing PHAZE BEAUTY Products Latisse Monthly Specials Patient Reviews Patient Information Book Client Portal Treatments Botox Fillers Age & Sun Spot Removal Facial Vein & Rosacea Treatment Laser Hair Removal Laser Photo Rejuvenation Seborrheic Keratosis & Skin Tag Removal Tattoo Removal Co2 Laser Skin Resurfacing Microblading Microneedling Facial Services Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy Acute Care Lash Extensions Lash Lift & Tint / Brow Lamination and Tint Ear Lobe Repair Lip Blushing PHAZE BEAUTY Products Latisse Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Program The Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Program is for people experiencing the classic symptoms of hormonal imbalance such as: fatigue, hot flashes, sleep disturbances, anxiety, depression, unintentional weight gain, sexual function issues, menstrual problems and brain fog to name a few. This program focuses exclusively on getting your hormones back in balance. Hormones are chemicals that coordinate different functions in your body by carrying messages through your blood to your organs, skin, muscles and other tissues. These signals tell your body what to do and when to do it. Hormones are essential for life and your health. Hormones control many different bodily processes, including: · Metabolism · Homeostasis (constant internal balance) such as blood pressure and blood sugar regulation, fluid (water) and electrolyte balance and body temperature · Growth and development · Sexual function · Sleep-wake cycle · Mood The term “bio-identical” means that the hormone is an exact match to the hormone that your body makes. At least in theory your body shouldn’t be able to tell whether the hormone came from your body or from the pharmacy. Bio-identical hormones start with an ingredient from soy or yam. It is converted to estrogen, progesterone or testosterone in the lab, and the finished product is the exact same thing as the estrogen, progesterone or testosterone made from your body. You can’t get the same effect by eating soy or rubbing yam cream on your skin. This is very different to the synthetic hormones that we have often used in women’s health. They are man-made chemicals that are made to mimic hormones, but they aren’t the exact same thing. Therefore, the risks and benefits are not the exact same, and there are no lab tests to measure the level of these hormones in your body. What can be done? For women and men who don’t feel good because of hormone deficiencies, we often find that hormone replacement therapy can make a big difference. It is important to know that there are different approaches to hormone replacement. We start by getting a detailed history to make sure you are a good candidate for hormone replacement. We then measure your hormone levels by a blood draw in the office. Once your lab results are in, you will have a scheduled appointment with one of our nurse practitioners to decide what is the best treatment plan for you. We only want to replace hormones that you are deficient in, so we can bring you back into balance. We use bio-identical hormones, which are an exact match to the hormones your body used to make. These are available in FDA-approved forms from a regular pharmacy, or in customized preparations from a compounding pharmacy. We monitor to make sure your symptoms are better, and you are not having side effects. Then we re-measure your hormone levels to make sure we have it right. There are a wide range of bioidentical hormone replacement therapy options including: · Pills · Topical Creams · Patches · Vaginal creams · Sublingual lozenges (called troches) · Pellets inserted under the skin · Injections (for men only) While there are risks and benefits to everything, the benefits of hormone replacement far outweigh the risks for most women, especially women who are within 5-10 years of menopause. This will be discussed in detail with your nurse practitioner. There are some women who are not good candidates for hormone replacement, so a personalized approach is important. Maine Laser and Aesthetics is using Hallandale Pharmacy and Anazao Health for our compounded hormones. Both Anazao and Hallandale are accredited compounding pharmacies and FDA registered 503A facilities. Click here to learn more about the common concerns about the risks of HRT Why Maine Laser and Aesthetics,LLC,PA? Dr. Geraldine Ollila and the entire Maine Laser and Aesthetics, LLC, PA team have dedicated their careers to providing solutions to men and women through the use of aesthetic medicine and technology. Our beautiful office located in Falmouth, Maine is your destination for exceptional care in a welcoming and peaceful environment.. Call Us: 207-805-8920 Book a Consultation Back to Top 21B Northbrook Drive, Falmouth, ME, 04105, United States (207) 805-8920 contact@mainela.com © 2018 Maine Laser and Aesthetics. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy