About Us - The Medical Skin Clinic Skip to content Get a FREE $50 gift card toward your first appointment Get your FREE gift card Text us (603) 932-5566 Call Nashua : (603) 417-6608 Call Salem : (603) 824-6888 Services Injectable Treatments Daxxify, Botox, Dysport, Xeomin Dermal Fillers Sculptra: Collagen-Generating Filler Kybella EZ Gel PRF PRF Hair Restoration For Your Skin Diamond Glow Glo2 Facial Forever Young BBL Forever Clear Acne PhotoFacial Halo Laser Resurfacing Moxi Laser Morpheus8 RF Microneedling SkinPen Microneedling Topical PDGF Chemical Peels Dermaplaning PRF For Skin For Your Body Weight Loss Nashua Semaglutide Tirzepatide Salem Semaglutide Tirzepatide CoolSculpting Elite EmSculpt Neo Emsella Laser Hair Removal / BARE HR Nutrafol BHRT for Women Testosterone Pellet Treatment Conditions About Us Meet The Team Service Areas Rockingham County, NH Hillsborough County, NH Essex County, MA Middlesex County, MA Now Hiring VIP Loyalty Membership Our Med Spa Spa Policies Community Blog Contact Us Specials Specials Events VIP Membership Shop Products Gift Cards Payment Plans Cherry Care Credit Contact Us Services Injectable Treatments Daxxify, Botox, Dysport, Xeomin Dermal Fillers Sculptra: Collagen-Generating Filler Kybella EZ Gel PRF PRF Hair Restoration For Your Skin Diamond Glow Glo2 Facial Forever Young BBL Forever Clear Acne PhotoFacial Halo Laser Resurfacing Moxi Laser Morpheus8 RF Microneedling SkinPen Microneedling Topical PDGF Chemical Peels Dermaplaning PRF For Skin For Your Body Weight Loss Nashua Semaglutide Tirzepatide Salem Semaglutide Tirzepatide CoolSculpting Elite EmSculpt Neo Emsella Laser Hair Removal / BARE HR Nutrafol BHRT for Women Testosterone Pellet Treatment Conditions About Us Meet The Team Service Areas Rockingham County, NH Hillsborough County, NH Essex County, MA Middlesex County, MA Now Hiring VIP Loyalty Membership Our Med Spa Spa Policies Community Blog Contact Us Specials Specials Events VIP Membership Shop Products Gift Cards Payment Plans Cherry Care Credit Contact Us Request Info Book Now About Us The goal at The Medical Skin Clinic is to “Enhance What Nature Gave You” by creating customized treatment plans that address any concerns that you may have. Missy and Sean Gaffney, the visionary owners and founders of The Skin & Body Spa, are delighted to present The Medical Skin Clinic by The Skin & Body Spa, which they opened in 2019. This expansion into medical esthetics was a natural evolution of their longstanding commitment to meeting client needs for advanced services. With decades of industry expertise, Missy and Sean have cultivated a team of exceptional professionals, including highly skilled Physician Associates, Nurse Practitioners, RNs, Medical Assistants, and Aestheticians. Collectively, our dedicated team members bring over 40 years of patient care experience to every treatment, ensuring unparalleled expertise in the field of skin health and beauty. Meet Our Team Sean Director/Owner Sean brings over 20 years of business operations, management, and marketing experience for both Salons & Medical Spas. Read more Missy Director/Owner & Esthetician Her passion for helping clients achieve their goals led her and her husband, Sean, to open The Hair Company in 2015 and The Medical Skin Clinic in 2019. Read more Andrew Practice Manager Andrew brings over a decade of experience in operations, management, and business development from both the medical and health & wellness industries. Read more Melissa, MSN, FNP-BC, ARNP Nurse Practitioner Melissa is dedicated to providing unparalleled care at The Medical Skin Clinic! With a background in emergency and urgent care medicine Read more Rachel, MPAS, PA-C Physician Associate Rachel is a board-certified, Massachusetts General Hospital trained, Physician Associate (formerly known as Physician Assistant). She has over a decade of experience in medicine and a diverse background spanning surgery, dermatology, and aesthetic medicine. Read more Alyssa, RN, Licensed Esthetician REGISTERED NURSE & LICENSED ESTHETICIAN She has always had a passion for both beauty and science and enjoys the union of the two within the field of medical esthetics. Read more Alicia, RN Registered Nurse Alicia has experienced many different avenues in her nursing career including rehabilitation, in-patient psychiatric and dialysis. Read more Lisa, RN Registered Nurse Lisa came to The Medical Skin Clinic with 15 plus years of nursing in hospital-subacute care, management and school nursing.. Read more Meghan Licensed Esthetician & Social Media Coordinator As a licensed esthetician with over three years of professional experience, Meghan is passionate about delivering high-quality, results-driven skincare in a peaceful… Read more Ann Patient Experience Coordinator Ann brings years of healthcare experience to her role as the Patient Experience Coordinator at The Medical Skin Clinic. Her background includes working as Medical Assistant at MGH Cancer Center and Tufts Medical Cente.. Read more Shannon Patient Care Coordinator & Membership Specialist Shannon is part of our Guest Relations Team/Patient Coordinator! She may be the person you get to speak with! Read more Bella Patient and Community Engagement Specialist Bella is our Patient Engagement Specialist as well as a member of our front desk team, where she helps to create a welcoming experience from the moment patients connect with the clinic. With years of experience working as a luxury beauty vendor for brands like Prada and YSL at Macy’s, she brings a strong background in client care, relationship-building, and personalized service. Read more Katherine Guest Relations Specialist Katherine began her journey at The Medical Skin Clinic during her senior year of high school, completing an internship where she had the opportunity to shadow our nurses. That formative experience sparked her passion for medical aesthetics and set her on the path toward a career in nursing. The experience left a lasting impression and ultimately led her to join our Guest Relations team the following summer. Read more Emma Guest Relations Specialist Emma is passionate about creating a warm and welcoming experience for every patient who visits The Medical Skin Clinic. She loves building meaningful connections with people and is dedicated to helping guests feel comfortable, informed, and confident throughout their aesthetic journey. Read more Guada Guest Relations Specialist Guada has a natural ability to connect with people and loves to create a welcoming and comfortable experience for everyone who visits. Originally from Argentina, she also brings her bilingual skills to The Medical Skin Clinic. Whether you’re on a phone call with Guada or see her in our office, you’ll always be greeted with a warm smile. Read more Hannah Guest Relations Specialist Hannah is a graduate from American Academy of Health and Beauty and now has her license in esthetics. She has a huge passion for making everyone feel like their best self, and she’s so excited to bring that passion into her role at the The Medical Skin Clinic. As an Esthetician, she has a strong interest in the beauty industry and learning all about medical esthetics. Read more Get a FREE $50 gift card towards your first appointment Get our Gift Card Patient Testimonials Reviews      Rated 5 out of 5 Always a good experience at The Medical Skin Clinic. Truly a place where you feel cared for. All of my experiences with the staff have been great. – Holly N. All promotions, specials and offers are not to be combined Get the best version of you! Schedule Your Consultation Today! Let us enhance what nature gave you. Visit our Sister Business! CONTACT info@themedicalskinclinic.com Call or Text Us: (603) 932-5566 Call Us: Salem (603) 824-6888 Call Us: Nashua (603) 417-6608 MENU About Us VIP Loyalty Membership Store Contact Us Specials Gift Cards Events Spa Policies SERVICES Injectable Treatments Daxxify, Botox, Dysport, Xeomin Dermal Fillers Sculptra: Collagen-Generating Filler Kybella EZ Gel PRF PRF Hair Restoration For Your Skin Diamond Glow Glo2 Facial Forever Young BBL Forever Clear Acne PhotoFacial Halo Laser Resurfacing Moxi Laser Morpheus8 RF Microneedling SkinPen Microneedling Topical PDGF Chemical Peels Dermaplaning PRF For Skin For Your Body Weight Loss Nashua Semaglutide Tirzepatide Salem Semaglutide Tirzepatide CoolSculpting Elite EmSculpt Neo Emsella Laser Hair Removal / BARE HR Nutrafol BHRT for Women Testosterone Pellet Treatment HOURS Nashua Mon, Wed, Fri, Sat | 9 AM – 5 PM Tues & Thur | 9 AM – 7 PM Sunday | Closed 387 East Dunstable Road Nashua, NH 03062 Salem Mon – Fri | 9 AM – 5 PM Sat | By appointment only Sunday | Closed 23 Stiles Road Suite 103, Salem, NH 03079 Copyright ©2026 | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions Apply | ‍All Rights Reserved Website Hosted & Managed by Services Injectable Treatments Daxxify, Botox, Dysport, Xeomin Dermal Fillers Sculptra: Collagen-Generating Filler Kybella EZ Gel PRF PRF Hair Restoration For Your Skin Diamond Glow Glo2 Facial Forever Young BBL Forever Clear Acne PhotoFacial Halo Laser Resurfacing Moxi Laser Morpheus8 RF Microneedling SkinPen Microneedling Topical PDGF Chemical Peels Dermaplaning PRF For Skin For Your Body Weight Loss Nashua Semaglutide Tirzepatide Salem Semaglutide Tirzepatide CoolSculpting Elite EmSculpt Neo Emsella Laser Hair Removal / BARE HR Nutrafol BHRT for Women Testosterone Pellet Treatment Conditions About Us Meet The Team Service Areas Rockingham County, NH Hillsborough County, NH Essex County, MA Middlesex County, MA Now Hiring VIP Loyalty Membership Our Med Spa Spa Policies Community Blog Contact Us Specials Specials Events VIP Membership Shop Products Gift Cards Payment Plans Cherry Care Credit Contact Us Request Info Book Now Get a FREE $50 gift card toward your first appointment Get your FREE Gift Card Text us (603) 932-5566 Call Nashua: (603) 417-6608 Call Salem: (603) 824-6888 Sean Director/Owner Sean brings over 20 years of business operations, management, and marketing experience for both Salons & Medical Spas. While in college he worked as a Computer Operations Specialist and later became a leading Sales Executive selling corporate software solutions. He is a graduate from the University of Massachusetts (Lowell) with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration and a major in Management Information Systems. After excelling as a Sales Executive for several high tech companies Sean later started Mobility Software as the CEO and then IMSYS Corporation as the VP of Sales. During his high tech career he was also recruited to implement a growth strategy plan for nSight as the VP of Sales. Sean’s first and foremost rule of building a successful business starts with customer satisfaction and appreciation. He also serves his home town community as a Volunteer/Call Firefighter. Having graduated from the NH Fire Academy first in 2010 and again in 2012, he continues to improve his skills as a First Responder. Missy Director/Owner & Esthetician Her passion for helping clients achieve their goals led her and her husband, Sean, to open The Hair Company in 2015 and The Medical Skin Clinic in 2019. Missy attended The University of Rhode Island where she obtained a Bachelor’s Degree in Textiles, Merchandising, and Design with a minor in Business. Upon graduation, she then pursued a career in the garment industry of New York City, starting as a Merchandising Assistant for a department store and quickly getting promoted to an Assistant Buyer. Years later, she realized she had a strong passion for Esthetics and decided to enroll at The Catherine Hinds Institute where she graduated with a certificate in Advanced Esthetics. After practicing as an Esthetician for over twelve years, Missy and her husband Sean, opened The Skin & Body Spa in 2008, a boutique style spa offering facials, massages, waxing, manicures, pedicures and much more. Then in 2019, they realized that many clients also wanted advanced aesthetic procedures which led them to researching medical aesthetics and opening The Medical Skin Clinic. Missy grew up in a family of entrepreneurs and learned so much about business from the many dinner conversations about her family’s business. She has always had a passion for building relationships with her clients and helping them achieve their goals. She has a strong drive to create a warm inviting environment for patients where they can get high quality services and products and feel comfortable from the moment they walk in the door until they leave. Missy and her husband Sean have curated a team of amazing professionals who help make The Medical Skin Clinic one of the best med spas in Southern New Hampshire. They are excited to announce that they have recently opened their second Medical Skin Clinic in Salem, NH. Outside of work Missy loves spending time with her friends and family, going on adventures and traveling. Andrew Practice Manager Andrew brings over a decade of experience in operations, management, and business development from both the medical and health & wellness industries. He has a long history of community focused work ranging from his years as an EMT to running a YMCA including developing, constructing, then opening and running a brand-new YMCA is Gloucester MA. Before coming to The Medical Skin Clinic, Andrew was the Operations Manager for Massachusetts General Hospital’s OB-GYN and Neonatal ICU inpatient units. In his spare time, you can find Andrew racing dirt bikes in the woods, playing with his two dogs, and enjoying time spent with his family Melissa, MSN, FNP-BC, ARNP NURSE PRACTITIONER Melissa is dedicated to providing unparalleled care at The Medical Skin Clinic! With a background in emergency and urgent care medicine, she brings a wealth of experience and a commitment to excellence to the aesthetic field. Highly attentive to detail and safety-focused, Melissa prioritizes the well-being of every patient. Her openness to discussing the clinical aspects of each treatment ensures transparency and peace of mind for all. Possessing a high emotional intelligence, she forges genuine connections with her patients, understanding their unique needs and desires. Above all, Melissa’s passion lies in facilitating the transformation of skin and beauty health, empowering her patients to feel confident and radiant in their own skin Rachel, MPAS, PA-C Physician Associate Rachel is a board-certified, Massachusetts General Hospital–trained Physician Associate (formerly known as Physician Assistant) with over a decade of experience in medicine and a diverse background spanning surgery, dermatology, and aesthetic medicine. She completed rigorous PA training through the Massachusetts General Hospital Institute of Health Professions, where she earned the PA Institutional Merit Award and trained under Harvard Medical School faculty with a surgical focus in plastic surgery. Rachel has worked in some of Boston’s most prestigious clinical settings, beginning as an EMT and clinical assistant before becoming a PA and being selected to join a team of Harvard-affiliated dermatologists and surgeons. She served as a surgical PA in thoracic surgery, first-assisting in complex procedures involving the chest cavity. She later transitioned into dermatology, where she became a lead specialist in T-cell–mediated allergies and cosmetic chemical patch testing, with advanced expertise in diagnosing and managing chronic rashes and contact sensitivities. Rachel completed advanced aesthetic training through The Medical Skin Clinic and Boston College’s training program. A lifelong learner, she is committed to staying at the forefront of aesthetic medicine through continued education and hands-on practice. Outside of work, she enjoys strength training, volunteering at animal shelters, and spending time with her corgi and two bunnies. Alyssa, RN, Licensed Esthetician Nurse / Esthetician She has always had a passion for both beauty and science and enjoys the union of the two within the field of medical esthetics. Alyssa began working with the Skin and Body Spa in 2014 as an Esthetician and Makeup Artist. During her time there she furthered her career by attending nursing school with the sole intention of continuing to work within the field of esthetics. Upon graduating, she continued to work with The Skin & Body Spa integrating her nursing and esthetic knowledge to provide results-oriented treatments. She is excited to grow with the company as a Registered Nurse working for The Medical Skin Clinic. She has always had a passion for both beauty and science and enjoys the union of the two within the field of medical esthetics. Alyssa firmly believes that an eye for beauty coupled with a deep understanding of anatomy is integral for optimal patient outcomes. Alicia, RN Registered Nurse Alicia has experienced many different avenues in her nursing career including rehabilitation, in-patient psychiatric and dialysis. She began her aesthetic career in 2018 because she had always had a life-long passion for beauty and aesthetics. Alicia finds fulfillment in helping patients gain confidence and she appreciates their individual beauty! Her favorite service to perform is Botox! In her down time, Alicia is busy being a mom to 3 children and loves to do yoga or be anywhere near the water. Lisa, RN REGISTERED NURSE Lisa came to The Medical Skin Clinic with 15 plus years of nursing in hospital-subacute care, management and school nursing. By nature, she was drawn to being a caretaker. After graduating nursing school at the age of 22, Lisa gained experience in multiple nursing roles, learning and utilizing many different skills. The common denominator for her is the satisfaction she feels from giving to others. She considers her assessment skills to be a strength which is at the heart of Aesthetic Nursing. Looking, listening, and learning what her patients are seeking, developing a plan with them, and working toward their goals is Lisa’s true passion. She is thrilled to have the opportunity to be a part of your plan to “Enhance What Nature Gave You”. She loves spending her down time with her cuddly pups and loving family, being outdoors, kayaking, traveling, cooking, and decorating! Meghan Licensed Esthetician As a licensed esthetician with over three years of professional experience, Meghan is passionate about delivering high-quality, results-driven skincare in a peaceful, calming environment. She is proud to be part of both The Medical Skin Clinic and our sister company, The Skin & Body Spa where she has the opportunity to work with a wide range of clients and skincare concerns. She has received extensive training in a variety of treatments including customized facials for all skin types, lash lifts, Body Sculpting, BBL Photofacials and full-body waxing. Her approach is always tailored to the individual— She believes that achieving healthy, glowing skin or a more sculpted body, doesn’t have to come at the cost of comfort. That’s why she strives to make every appointment both effective and relaxing, allowing her patients to see visible results while also enjoying a moment of self-care. Her calming demeanor helps put patients at ease, and she takes pride in creating a space where people feel safe, supported, and heard. Building strong relationships with her patients is one of the most rewarding parts of her practice. Whether you’re working toward long-term skin care or body goals or simply need a break from the stresses of daily life, she’s here to help you look and feel your best. She is excited to be doing what she loves every day. Ann Patient Experience Coordinator Ann brings years of healthcare experience to her role as the Patient Experience Coordinator at The Medical Skin Clinic. Her background includes working as Medical Assistant at MGH Cancer Center and Tufts Medical Center in addition to specialty clinic scheduling, including Pulmonary, Endocrine and Infectious Disease. Ann is very excited to be a part of our team and looks forward to creating a very welcoming experience for every patient. Outside of the office, Ann enjoys spending time with her four kids and taking her dogs on hikes on the trails in New Hampshire. She loves the summer and looks forward to vacationing in Cape Cod and Marthas Vineyard. Shannon Patient Care Coordinator Shannon is part of our Guest Relations Team/Patient Coordinator! She may be the person you get to speak with! Shannon is part of our Guest Relations Team/Patient Coordinator! If you send us any inquiries, she may be the person you get to speak with! Shannon has been in the esthetics industry for 13 years! She graduated from Catherine Hinds School of Esthetics in 2007 and is also a licensed laser technician! She owns her own spray tanning business on the side as well! Shannon loves speaking with patients and helping to guide them in the right direction when it comes to all things face/body. On her days off, Shannon loves spending time with her 2 daughters, husband, and dog! Shannon looks forward to meeting you all in the office or on the phone, soon! Bella Patient and Community Engagement Specialist Bella is our Patient Engagement Specialist as well as a member of our front desk team, where she helps to create a welcoming experience from the moment patients connect with the clinic. With years of experience working as a luxury beauty vendor for brands like Prada and YSL at Macy’s, she brings a strong background in client care, relationship-building, and personalized service. Bella attended Lynn University, where she majored in Criminal Justice, and loves working in an environment where professionalism, attention to detail, and people skills all come together. Bella enjoys helping patients feel comfortable, informed, and excited about their visits to the clinic. Outside of the office, she loves traveling, relaxing, spending time with family, and being with her dog, Blu. She’s also a big fan of true crime and documentaries, always looking for her next deep dive. Bella’s favorite part of her role is being part of a supportive team and getting to connect with patients every day. KATHERINE Guest Relations Specialist Inspired daily by the nurses she works alongside, Katherine is committed to ensuring every guest feels welcomed, informed, and confident in their experience with us. Katherine began her journey at The Medical Skin Clinic during her senior year of high school, completing an internship where she had the opportunity to shadow our nurses. That formative experience sparked her passion for medical aesthetics and set her on the path toward a career in nursing. The experience left a lasting impression and ultimately led her to join our Guest Relations team the following summer. Now a nursing student at Merrimack College, Katherine is diligently working toward her goal of becoming an aesthetic nurse. She brings professionalism, empathy, and a genuine dedication to patient care. Emma Guest Relations Specialist Emma is passionate about creating a warm and welcoming experience for every patient who visits The Medical Skin Clinic. She loves building meaningful connections with people and is dedicated to helping guests feel comfortable, informed, and confident throughout their aesthetic journey. A graduate of the University of Arizona, Emma values individuality and enjoys helping patients explore options that align with their unique goals and needs. Her favorite part of her role is seeing people invest in themselves and leave feeling empowered and happy. Outside of work, Emma loves all things creative, especially music and movies. She also loves anything that involves spending time outdoors, trying new things, and spending time with her two cats! Guada Guest Relations Specialist​ Guada has a natural ability to connect with people and loves to create a welcoming and comfortable experience for everyone who visits. Originally from Argentina, she also brings her bilingual skills to The Medical Skin Clinic. Whether you’re on a phone call with Guada or see her in our office, you’ll always be greeted with a warm smile. Guada has a strong interest in the medical aesthetics industry and is excited to continue learning about all of the services we offer. Outside of work, Guada stays active with spinning classes, enjoys spending quality time with her family, and loves to travel and explore new places. Guada is excited to grow in her role and be a helpful, positive presence for every patient who walks through the door. Her positive energy and helpful attitude make her an essential part of the team. Hannah Guest Relations Specialist Hannah is a graduate from American Academy of Health and Beauty and now has her license in esthetics. She has a huge passion for making everyone feel like their best self, and she’s so excited to bring that passion into her role at the The Medical Skin Clinic. As an Esthetician, she has a strong interest in the beauty industry and learning all about medical esthetics. She is very excited to give all of our patients the best experience possible. Hannah is very family oriented and loves spending her free time with her friends and animals as well as dancing at the beach.