Meet the Team | Adorn Medical Aesthetics Skip to main content facebook instagram Shop | Gift Cards | Specials | Book Now | Skincare Consultation Hit enter to search or ESC to close Search Close Search Menu About Areas We Serve Meet the Team Monthly Memberships Programs Patient Reviews Financing Policies Pricing Blog Training Conditions – Acne Acne Scarring Aging Neck Double Chin Dull Skin Facial Contouring Lines & Wrinkles Melasma – Rosacea Rough/Uneven Skin Sexual Wellness Spider Veins Stretch Marks/Scars/Cellulite Sun Spots/Pigmentation Sweating – Thin Lips Thinning Hair TMJ Under Eye Rejuvenation Urinary Incontinence Volume Loss Weight Management Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers BOTOX Dysport Jeuveau XEOMIN Dermal Fillers Belotero Balance+ Juvederm Radiesse Restylane Revanesse RHA Fillers ezGEL Filler Injections Lip Filler Injections Liquid Facelift Under-Eye Rejuvenation Kybella PRP/PRF Sculptra IV Therapy Treatments – Acne BBL HERO Brows and Lashes Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Facial Medical Grade Facials Forever Clear BBL Acne Laser – Hair Restoration IPL Photofacial IV Therapy Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Rejuvenation Laser Vein Therapy – Moxi: Laser Skin Resurfacing Morpheus8 RF Microneedling PDGF: Platelet-Derived Growth Factors PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation SkinPen Microneedling Medical Weight Loss Wellness IV & IM Vitamin Therapy IM Vitamin Therapy IV Therapy Medical Weight Loss PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation Gallery Contact Virtual Consultation 978.846.6807 Shop | Gift Cards | Specials | Book Now | Skincare Consultation About Areas We Serve Meet the Team Monthly Memberships Programs Patient Reviews Financing Policies Pricing Blog Training Conditions – Acne Acne Scarring Aging Neck Double Chin Dull Skin Facial Contouring Lines & Wrinkles Melasma – Rosacea Rough/Uneven Skin Sexual Wellness Spider Veins Stretch Marks/Scars/Cellulite Sun Spots/Pigmentation Sweating – Thin Lips Thinning Hair TMJ Under Eye Rejuvenation Urinary Incontinence Volume Loss Weight Management Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers BOTOX Dysport Jeuveau XEOMIN Dermal Fillers Belotero Balance+ Juvederm Radiesse Restylane Revanesse RHA Fillers ezGEL Filler Injections Lip Filler Injections Liquid Facelift Under-Eye Rejuvenation Kybella PRP/PRF Sculptra IV Therapy Treatments – Acne BBL HERO Brows and Lashes Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Facial Medical Grade Facials Forever Clear BBL Acne Laser – Hair Restoration IPL Photofacial IV Therapy Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Rejuvenation Laser Vein Therapy – Moxi: Laser Skin Resurfacing Morpheus8 RF Microneedling PDGF: Platelet-Derived Growth Factors PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation SkinPen Microneedling Medical Weight Loss Wellness IV & IM Vitamin Therapy IM Vitamin Therapy IV Therapy Medical Weight Loss PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation Gallery Contact Virtual Consultation 978.846.6807 Home » About » Meet the Team Meet the Team Home » About » Meet the Team At Adorn Medical Aesthetics, we believe in the transformative power of confidence and self-expression. Led by certified aesthetic injector Jessica Bragel, our team is dedicated to fostering trust, delivering natural beauty, and staying abreast of the latest developments in aesthetic medicine. Join us in celebrating the beauty of empowerment and self-care. Mission & Values At Adorn Medical Aesthetics in North Andover , our mission is clear: to empower every individual we serve, uplifting not only their appearance but their spirit as well. We stand firmly on the pillars of trust and continual self-improvement. Our commitment to providing beautiful, natural results is a testament to our unwavering dedication to enhancing your confidence and self-expression. We believe the path to true beauty begins with a commitment to self-care and self-love. Meet Jessica Bragel Founder & Certified Aesthetic Injector Jessica Bragel is the visionary behind Adorn Medical Aesthetics. With over twelve years of experience in Emergency Medicine, Mental Health, and Medical Aesthetics, Jessica is a seasoned and certified aesthetic nurse injector. Her approach is founded on the belief that aesthetic treatments should be a means to preserve and enhance one’s innate beauty. Jessica’s commitment to personalized care ensures that every client feels not just comfortable and safe but also truly understood, making each visit an empowering experience. Educational Background In 2013, Jessica earned her Associate’s in Nursing (ASN) from Regis College, and in 2019, she received her Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) from Endicott College. She is working to earn her Master of Science in Nursing – Family Nurse Practitioner Degree (MSN-FNP) from Southern New Hampshire University (SNHU). Continuing Education Jessica’s unwavering commitment to excellence drives her to stay at the forefront of the ever-evolving medical aesthetics field. To ensure clients consistently receive optimal results, she actively pursues ongoing education. Jessica regularly participates in industry conferences, immerses herself in cadaver courses, and seeks hands-on training from renowned nurse injectors and doctors nationwide. She has a keen eye for aesthetics, which she combines with her ever-expanding skills to ensure safe, consistent results for her clients. Dr. Akhil Patel Medical Director Dr. Akhil Patel is a Massachusetts board-certified Internal Medicine physician with an interest in aesthetic medicine and longevity-focused care. He earned his undergraduate and medical degrees from the University of Florida and went on to complete his residency training at the University of South Florida. In his role as practice owner and Medical Director, Dr. Patel leads the clinic with a focus on safety, innovation, and a philosophy that values natural, balanced results. His leadership reflects a belief that aesthetics should enhance, not alter, what makes each person unique. Gianna Motroni Esthetician Gianna has always had a passion for all things skin. From a young age she battled with her own skin troubles but in the process of resolving her own issues she grew a lifelong love for all things skin. She prides herself on making sure her clients are always comfortable and leave her bed feeling confident on both the inside and out. Not only does she leave her clients skin glowing and radiant she also strives to build long lasting meaningful relationships and friendships with each client individually. Gianna is a graduate of the master esthetics program at Catherine Hinds Institute. She is always working on continuing her education and strives to be the best esthetician that she can be for her clients by using the most up to date techniques and treatment plans that suit each person’s individual wants and needs. Gianna can’t wait to enhance everyone’s confidence and make them see the beauty in their own skin. Book Your Consultation Adorn Medical Aesthetics awaits the opportunity to embark on your aesthetic journey with you. Our team, led by Jessica Bragel, is dedicated to helping you discover your true beauty and confidence. Schedule a consultation to explore personalized treatments and solutions that enhance your natural beauty. Your transformation begins now. Schedule a Consultation Enhance Your Natural Beauty. BOOK NOW About Conditions Injectables Treatments Gallery Training Contact 978.846.6807 5 Stars from 89 Reviews Leave a Review Adorn Medical Aesthetics 73 Main Street North Andover, MA 01845 Adorn Med Spa in North Andover offers premium aesthetic treatments, including dermal fillers , laser hair removal , Botox , and more, to help you look and feel your best. Experience personalized care and cutting-edge services in a relaxing, luxury environment. © 2026 Adorn Medical Aesthetics | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Website and Marketing: S3E, Digital Marketing Company Los Angeles Contact Us 978.846.6807