Meet Our Team | Maine Aesthetic Medicine | Skincare Treatments Home About Meet Our Team Philanthropy Blog Services Weight Loss Management Hormone Optimization Therapy Injectables Neuromodulators Daxxify™ Botox® Cosmetic HA Dermal Fillers RHA® Collection Juvéderm® Collection Sculptra® MINT™ PDO Threads Kybella® Spa Services Facials Signature Facial Diamond Glow Facial Valmont Spa Rituals Lymphatic Drainage Facial & Massage Dermaplaning Facial Glass Peel Facial Chemical Peels Illuminize Peel BioRePeel VI PEELS Microneedling SkinPen® Microneedling Genius® RF Microneedling Enhancements Neck & Décolleté Treatment LED Light Therapy Exosomes Collagen Mask Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP) Carboxy Gel Mask Laser TSS (Microneedling and Laser) Laser Hair Removal LaseMD Ultra Skin Resurfacing & Pigment Reduction Skin Revitalization Comprehensive Glow Treatment Pigment & Vascular Correction Natural Approaches to Aging IM Injections PRP Injections Curated Skin & Home Products Concerns Acne Scars Acne Treatments Anti-Aging & Wrinkle Treatments Collagen Stimulators Dermal Fillers for Volume Loss Enlarged Pores Fat Reduction Skin Brightening for Hyperpigmentation, including Melasma, Sun Damage & Sun Spots Neuromodulators for Wrinkle Reduction Scarring/Textured Skin Thread lifting for Sagging Skin/ Laxity Regenerative Medicine Events Memberships Book Now Payment Plans Cherry PatientFi Home About Meet Our Team Philanthropy Blog Services Weight Loss Management Hormone Optimization Therapy Injectables Neuromodulators Daxxify™ Botox® Cosmetic HA Dermal Fillers RHA® Collection Juvéderm® Collection Sculptra® MINT™ PDO Threads Kybella® Spa Services Facials Signature Facial Diamond Glow Facial Valmont Spa Rituals Lymphatic Drainage Facial & Massage Dermaplaning Facial Glass Peel Facial Chemical Peels Illuminize Peel BioRePeel VI PEELS Microneedling SkinPen® Microneedling Genius® RF Microneedling Enhancements Neck & Décolleté Treatment LED Light Therapy Exosomes Collagen Mask Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP) Carboxy Gel Mask Laser TSS (Microneedling and Laser) Laser Hair Removal LaseMD Ultra Skin Resurfacing & Pigment Reduction Skin Revitalization Comprehensive Glow Treatment Pigment & Vascular Correction Natural Approaches to Aging IM Injections PRP Injections Curated Skin & Home Products Concerns Acne Scars Acne Treatments Anti-Aging & Wrinkle Treatments Collagen Stimulators Dermal Fillers for Volume Loss Enlarged Pores Fat Reduction Skin Brightening for Hyperpigmentation, including Melasma, Sun Damage & Sun Spots Neuromodulators for Wrinkle Reduction Scarring/Textured Skin Thread lifting for Sagging Skin/ Laxity Regenerative Medicine Events Memberships Book Now Payment Plans Cherry PatientFi Home About Meet Our Team Philanthropy Blog Services Weight Loss Management Hormone Optimization Therapy Injectables Neuromodulators Daxxify™ Botox® Cosmetic HA Dermal Fillers RHA® Collection Juvéderm® Collection Sculptra® MINT™ PDO Threads Kybella® Spa Services Facials Signature Facial Diamond Glow Facial Valmont Spa Rituals Lymphatic Drainage Facial & Massage Dermaplaning Facial Glass Peel Facial Chemical Peels Illuminize Peel BioRePeel VI PEELS Microneedling SkinPen® Microneedling Genius® RF Microneedling Enhancements Neck & Décolleté Treatment LED Light Therapy Exosomes Collagen Mask Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP) Carboxy Gel Mask Laser TSS (Microneedling and Laser) Laser Hair Removal LaseMD Ultra Skin Resurfacing & Pigment Reduction Skin Revitalization Comprehensive Glow Treatment Pigment & Vascular Correction Natural Approaches to Aging IM Injections PRP Injections Curated Skin & Home Products Concerns Acne Scars Acne Treatments Anti-Aging & Wrinkle Treatments Collagen Stimulators Dermal Fillers for Volume Loss Enlarged Pores Fat Reduction Skin Brightening for Hyperpigmentation, including Melasma, Sun Damage & Sun Spots Neuromodulators for Wrinkle Reduction Scarring/Textured Skin Thread lifting for Sagging Skin/ Laxity Regenerative Medicine Events Memberships Book Now Payment Plans Cherry PatientFi Home About Meet Our Team Philanthropy Blog Services Weight Loss Management Hormone Optimization Therapy Injectables Neuromodulators Daxxify™ Botox® Cosmetic HA Dermal Fillers RHA® Collection Juvéderm® Collection Sculptra® MINT™ PDO Threads Kybella® Spa Services Facials Signature Facial Diamond Glow Facial Valmont Spa Rituals Lymphatic Drainage Facial & Massage Dermaplaning Facial Glass Peel Facial Chemical Peels Illuminize Peel BioRePeel VI PEELS Microneedling SkinPen® Microneedling Genius® RF Microneedling Enhancements Neck & Décolleté Treatment LED Light Therapy Exosomes Collagen Mask Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP) Carboxy Gel Mask Laser TSS (Microneedling and Laser) Laser Hair Removal LaseMD Ultra Skin Resurfacing & Pigment Reduction Skin Revitalization Comprehensive Glow Treatment Pigment & Vascular Correction Natural Approaches to Aging IM Injections PRP Injections Curated Skin & Home Products Concerns Acne Scars Acne Treatments Anti-Aging & Wrinkle Treatments Collagen Stimulators Dermal Fillers for Volume Loss Enlarged Pores Fat Reduction Skin Brightening for Hyperpigmentation, including Melasma, Sun Damage & Sun Spots Neuromodulators for Wrinkle Reduction Scarring/Textured Skin Thread lifting for Sagging Skin/ Laxity Regenerative Medicine Events Memberships Book Now Payment Plans Cherry PatientFi MEET OUR PORTLAND MAINE MED SPA TEAM WE ARE AN INCLUSIVE, INTIMATE SKINCARE AND WELLNESS CENTER IN THE HEART OF DOWNTOWN Portland, Maine Maine Aesthetic Medicine in Portland, Maine partners with trusted local healthcare providers to deliver best-in-class aesthetic care in a refined, luxury setting. Founded by Brooke Harris , a local aesthetic nurse since 2016, the practice is known for results-driven treatments and has earned her a reputation as one of Maine’s most sought-after aesthetic nurses. MEET OUR TALENTED TEAM This former Miss USA contestant was raised in the town of Lee, a small village of just over 900 people in Penobscot County, Maine. Brooke earned her Bachelor’s Degree of Science in Nursing from the University of Maine Fort Kent with cum laude honors in 2015. Now, a resident of southern Maine, she has merged her passions for the beauty and healthcare industries by balancing her time as an Aesthetic Nurse in Portland, and as Chair and Nurse Volunteer of HAND-Philippines Organization; a local non-profit co-founded by Medical Director, Dr. Reynerio Lanoy, and dedicated to providing free healthcare and community support to calamity-stricken areas of the Philippines. 1% of all Maine Aesthetic Medicine proceeds will support this mission to assist them. She has traveled across the country to develop her skills with industry leaders, using medical-grade skincare, dermal filler, neurotoxin, PDO threads, laser, and RF Microneedling to provide natural yet noticeable results in the calming and therapeutic environment she created with the opening of Maine Aesthetic Medicine in May of 2023. Brooke Harris BSN, RN Owner & Aesthetic Nurse Dr. Reynerio Lanoy, MD is an internal medicine specialist with over 25 years of experience in the medical field. He graduated from Dr. Jose P. Rizal College of Medicine, Xavier University, Philippines in 1997 and was named chief resident at Akron General Medical Center in Akron, Ohio. He is affiliated with medical facilities Maine General Medical Center, Maine Medical Center, and now serves as the Medical Director of Maine Aesthetic Medicine. He is also the co-founder of the non-profit, HAND-Philippines Organization, which provides health assistance and network development in calamity-stricken areas of the Philippines. Lance Lanoy, MD Medical Director Rebecca is a healthcare professional with over a decade of experience in the medical and cosmetic industry, specializing in operational management and patient care. Fluent in both English and Spanish, she prides herself on fostering a welcoming environment and providing exceptional service to every patient. Her career began in 2014 as a Medical Assistant in Texas, and she has recently relocated to Portland, Maine, embracing the beauty of both places. In 2017, she was introduced to the aesthetic world, where she worked as a medical aesthetician for four and a half years, gaining extensive knowledge in the field. In 2021, Rebecca worked for one of the biggest plastic Surgery and Medspa companies in Austin, Texas, as the Director of Operations, further enhancing her expertise. Skilled in team leadership, patient engagement, and operational efficiency, Rebecca thrives in dynamic environments where she can make a meaningful impact on patient outcomes. In her downtime, she enjoys unwinding with reality TV shows and experimenting in the kitchen. Guided by her mantra, "You are the prettiest flower, and I'm here to help you bloom," Rebecca finds immense joy in contributing to the aesthetic world and helping individuals feel their best. Rebecca Martinez Director of Operations A Maine native, Avery grew up in the Belgrade Lakes region before settling in Southern Maine over the past five years. She enjoys Portland’s vibrant and diverse restaurant scene and spends much of her free time skiing, hiking, or by the water. At home, she is kept company by her two dogs—a Great Dane and a Golden Retriever mix—who are never far from the conversation. Avery earned her Bachelor of Science in Nursing from Colby-Sawyer College and her Master of Science in Nursing from Husson University. She is a board-certified Family Nurse Practitioner and is working toward additional board certification in dermatology. Her background includes experience in emergency medicine, dermatology, and IV therapy, all of which allow her to provide care that is safe, effective, and personalized to each patient’s needs. In 2022, Avery completed her Botox and Dermal Filler Certification in Boston, sparking her passion for Aesthetic Medicine. She is dedicated to helping clients enhance their natural beauty through customized treatment plans, while sharing her knowledge and enthusiasm for skin health. Now at Maine Aesthetic Medicine, Avery is excited to connect with clients and provide treatments that leave them feeling confident, refreshed, and like the very best version of themselves. Avery Brennan APRN-CNP Board Certified Nurse Practitioner With over six years of experience working as a Medical Aesthetician in a busy plastic surgery practice, Jessie brings a wealth of expertise to her role at Maine Aesthetic Medicine. Her skills are refined in various cutting-edge technologies, including non-ablative skin resurfacing, laser treatments, RF Microneedling, Chemical Peels and an array of other aesthetic treatments. Jessie's journey in the field of aesthetics began with her observation of how many women tend to rely on makeup to conceal their insecurities. Motivated to make a difference, she made a personal commitment to empower herself with knowledge. In 2013, Jessie took a step towards her passion for skin health by enrolling at The Institute of Skin Science. It was there she cultivated a diverse range of knowledge, emphasizing the importance of well-being and the impact of inner beauty on external appearance. As a licensed aesthetician, Jessie gains satisfaction from educating her clients on the care of their skin, thereby fostering a sense of self-assurance. She considers this aspect of her career as one of the most vital. She understands conditions like pigmentation, adult acne, and premature aging not only compromise skin health, but also affect one's self-esteem and confidence. Jessie firmly believes by providing her clients with the knowledge and resources to address these concerns, she can help each individual reach their skincare goals. Beyond her professional endeavors, Jessie treasures her free time spent with her daughter, whether it involves cheering her on from the stands or simply enjoying a leisurely drive while sipping coffee. She also has a passion for collecting timeless pieces from local antique stores. Jessie Powers Medical Aesthetician Subscribe to Newsletter Stay informed about the latest treatments, skincare tips, and exclusive offers from Maine Aesthetic Medicine. Email Subscribe Now Social Handles Facebook-f Instagram Where to Find Us Important Links Events Donate to HAND Philippines Org. Shop Our Luxury Store Book Now Legal Cancellation Policy Privacy Policy Refund Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Us +1 (207) 495-8148 info@maineaestheticmedicine.com 163 Fore Street, Floor 2 Portland ME 04101 ©2026 Maine Aesthetic Medicine Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset