Meet the Team | Newton Medical Aesthetics Check Out Our Specials Book Appointment Contact Us IN PERSON & VIRTUAL (617) 925-2855 NEWTON, MA Menu Book Appointment (617) 925-2855 Injectables & Fillers Neuromodulators Botox Dermal Fillers Juvederm Restylane Radiesse Sculptra PRF Lip Filler SKINVIVE Cheek Filler Under Eye Filler Skin Rejuvenation Chemical Peel Jet Peel Microneedling PRF Advanced Facials Bridal Skincare Bootcamp ZO Skin Health Glo2Facial Laser & Energy Laser Skin Resurfacing Morpheus8 Laser Hair Removal Morpheus8 for Body IPL Treatment Clear + Brilliant Body Treatments EvolveX Body Contouring Aesthetician Services Brow Services Waxing Lash Services Conditions Wrinkle Treatment Sun Spot Melasma Rosacea About Us Conditions Treated Areas We Serve Financing Gallery Specials Testimonials Contact Blog Gift Cards Our App Accessibility Accessibility icon (617) 925-2855 Book Appointment Meet the Team Newton Medical Aesthetics Newton Medical Aesthetics is a medical spa that believes in tapping into your inner beauty. Instead of transforming your appearance, we simply ignite your inner spark, allowing you to project confidence and self-esteem. Our advanced, cutting-edge, non-invasive cosmetic treatments reveal your inner beauty, spreading a little diamond-dust sparkle on your day. Newton Medical Aesthetics is led by Dr. Nily Abramovitz and Dr. Alla Agamov — dentists with 10+ years of experience in injectables and aesthetic treatments. Their professional relationship began, charmingly, at a bus stop over 25 years ago. Since then, they have worked together, developed their skills and talents for aesthetic solutions, and now they extend their friendship to all their patients. Dr. Alla Agamov You become a part of the Newton family the moment you walk through our doors. Drs. A&A — as they’ve been lovingly nicknamed by their patients — invite you to discuss all your cosmetic concerns and goals while you help yourself to a beverage. You can think of the consultation as a casual chat with friends… because that’s precisely what it is. Dr. Nily Abramovitz Drs. A&A treat all patients like they are close friends or family members. As such, they don’t shy away from saying “no” if a treatment isn’t in your best interest. They curate personalized treatment plans that address your individual needs and goals, and they pass on treatments deemed unsuitable for you. Dr. Kathryn Dalton Dr. Dalton attended medical school at the University of New England College of Osteopathic Medicine, Biddeford, ME and completed a residency in General Surgery at Henry Ford Wyandotte Hospital/ Michigan State University/ Wyandotte, MI. She is board certified by the American Osteopathic Board of Surgery and is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and a Fellow of the American College of Osteopathic Surgeons. She is a training fellow of the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery through Southern Surgical Arts in Chattanooga Tennessee. She has a private practice in general and cosmetic surgery and a MediSpa in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Christine Russo Lead Medical Aesthetician We only provide non-surgical and non-invasive treatments, with a strong emphasis on natural rejuvenation. Most of our treatments, such as microneedling, activate your body’s innate healing capabilities to address your cosmetic concerns. Our naturalized approach to cosmetic care allows you to radiate your inner spark, making you shine and glow with confidence. If you’re feeling less than 100% confident in your appearance, please schedule an appointment with Drs. A&A in Newton, MA. Embrace Your Best Self Book Your Appointment Don't wait to embrace your best self. Book an appointment at Newton Medical Aesthetics today and unlock a world of beauty and confidence. Our cutting-edge treatments and skilled professionals are here to help you achieve your desired look, from body sculpting to wrinkle reduction and skin rejuvenation. Take the first step towards a more radiant you – book your appointment now and experience the transformation you've been waiting for. Your journey to beauty begins here. By submitting this you agree to be contacted by Newton Med Spa via text, call or email. Standard rates may apply. For more details, read our Privacy Policy . Book Appointment (617) 925-2855 Error with Form Submission There was an error processing your form. Please try again later. Thank you! 233 Needham St, Suite 406 Newton, MA 02464 (617) 925-2855 Mon: By Special Request Tues–Fri: 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM Sat: 9:00 AM – 1:00 PM Sun: Closed 4.9 from 215+ Reviews © Newton Medspa | All Rights Reserved Medspa Marketing Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Notice of Open Payment Database Accessibility: If you are visually impaired or have some other impairment and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our office at (617) 925-2855 . X Submit Error with Form Submission There was an error processing your form. Please try again later. Thank you for your submission! Accessibility icon Accessibility Menu (CTRL + U) ◑ Contrast Mode Highlight Links T+ Larger Text ↔ Text Spacing Aa Dyslexia Friendly Hide Images Line Height Text Align Saturation Accessibility Statement Reset Settings