Best Med Spa in Augusta, Maine - Soothe Medical Aesthetics Skip to content Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Visia SkinCare Analyisis Biostimulators Radiesse SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Weight Loss Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Schedule An Appointment Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Visia SkinCare Analyisis Biostimulators Radiesse SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Weight Loss Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Schedule An Appointment CALL OR TEXT: 207-877-4090 3 St. Catherine Street Augusta, ME 04330 Instagram Facebook Icon-tiktok-square Envelope Unveil Your Radiance at Soothe Medical Find out more about the medical and aesthetic services offered at the Best MedSpa in Central Maine!! Schedule An Appointment Buy Gift Card "Offering the Best Customized Facials, Dermaplaning, GLO2 Facials, Korean Lash Lift & Tints & More with our experienced Medical Aesthetician Sophia" About Soothe Medical Aesthetics We are so excited to treat all of your medical aesthetic & skincare needs in our newly renovated office at 3 St Catherine St in Augusta where we have plenty of available parking. Our goals are to focus on your individual needs to help you feel and look your very best with comprehensive services by an experienced medical provider & medical aesthetician. We offer custom-tailored, painless treatments at an affordable cost. We work to present you at your very best. 🎉 Get a Gift Certificate for Yourself or Gift One to Friends & Family Get our gift card Testimonials What some of our patients say about us Your browser does not support the video tag. Schedule with us now When you come to our practice, you don’t only get pampered, you get specialized service design for your desired results. Schedule An Appointment Latest PicoLazer Will remove microbladed brows and permanent make-up The PicoLazer treatment delivers an immediate effect with continuous improvement over time, offering versatile aesthetic benefits. It effectively minimizes pores, smooths wrinkles, reduces acne scars, and corrects pigmentation, while also providing advanced tattoo removal. Safe for all Fitzpatrick Skin Types! Contact For Details Face Chest Arm Back Abdomen Thighs By purchasing any of the products below, you will be purchasing through soothe medical aesthetics. Shop Our Expert Skincare Lines CONFIDENCE Unveil your inherent elegance, beautifully enhanced by our skincare professionals. To Buy AlumierMD Products SHOP HERE AESTHETICS Experience the fusion of medical science and aesthetics, creating the perfect you. To Buy Colorescience Products SHOP HERE BEAUTY Rediscover the timeless beauty that lies within you, perfected by the expert touch. To Buy Colorescience Products SHOP HERE EXPERTISE Trust in our 14 years of medical expertise and enhance your facial rejuvenation journey. To Buy AlumierMD Products SHOP HERE What Are Your Skin Or Body Concerns? Contact Us & Let Us Know! Angela Coton, PA-C, MPAS The ability to combine art and medicine has been my dream since I began in the aesthetics industry in 2003. As an anatomy junkie, I decided to pursue the specialties of Facial Plastics and Otolaryngology aka Ear, Nose, Throat as my areas of expertise. I’m a nationally board-certified & Maine state licensed Physician Assistant who has been practicing as a PA since 2010. My dedication to excellence began when I left home at the age of 14 years old to live and learn at the prestigious Illinois Mathematics and Science Academy in Aurora, IL. This was followed by a Pre-Law/English BA degree from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. After 10+ years working in both the corporate world and managing a medical aesthetics spa, I realized my true gift was in patient care. In 2007, I pursued my Master of Science in Physician Assistant Studies at competitive East Carolina University. This program had a 5% acceptance rate. After graduating from ECU in 2009, I relocated to the North Shore of Boston to study Facial Plastics and ENT with seven renowned surgeons for seven years before working in private medical aesthetics practices in North Carolina. After being recruited to Maine to work for a local hospital, I realized my true calling was in providing medicine in a streamlined manner that allowed me to bring my love of science, art and aesthetic medicine together in a comfortable & relaxing setting. So, I founded Soothe Medical Aesthetics located in Augusta, ME. The literal definition of Soothe means to both alleviate your anxiety and your discomfort as beauty treatments and pain are NOT synonymous at Soothe Medical. Attracting both male and female patients who feel young inside and want to enhance their outward appearance to match their inner, vivacious selves is my calling. I truly believe the best injectable is undetectable so I encourage and assist patients in pursuing a naturally enhanced look. We look forward to meeting you and taking care of you and your loved ones for both your aesthetic and medical needs. Meet the team 🎉 Get a Gift Certificate for Yourself or Gift One to Friends & Family Get our gift card Follow us on Instagram and Facebook Get the best version of you! Schedule An Appointment Enhance what nature gave you Instagram Icon-facebook Icon-tiktok-square Envelope Copyright © 2022 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Apply Get latest update Sign Up This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Contact info@soothemed.com Call/Text Us: 207-877-4090 Location 3 St. Catherine Street Augusta, ME 04330 (Blue Building-Upstairs Entrance, Please Enter Through Black Double Doors) Payment Options Menu Home About Services Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Careers Operation Hours We are Open Tuesdays 9am-5pm Wednesdays 10am-6:30pm Thursday 9am-5pm Friday 9am-5pm We are also open ONE Saturday each month to accommodate those patients who cannot visit with us Tues-Fri. Please check for Saturday schedule who you book online or call/text us to book your Saturday appt. We are closed on all Sundays & Mondays. Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Designed & Developed by Griffon Webstudios Scroll Cancellation policy We ask that you please reschedule or cancel by calling or texting 207-877-4090 a minimum of 24 hours before the beginning of your appointment or you will be charged a cancellation fee of $50.00. If this is your first appointment and you cancel less than 24 hours before your appointment, there will be a $50 deposit required to schedule another appointment. This deposit will be applied toward your treatment if you arrive to your appointment on time. After three no-shows, you will be required to pay for the full cost of your service in advance when booking future appointments. Thank you for understanding. Book An Appointment Email Phone Name CLAIM MY OFFER