Penobscot Medical Aesthetics | Bangor, ME | Med Spa Follow Us x Follow Us ! Follow Us a Menu x Home About Us Services MOXI® Laser BBL® HEROic™ Neurotoxin Injectable Fillers Laser Treatments TruSculpt Medical-Grade Chemical Peels Microneedling Diamond Glow Secret Pro Accent Prime GLO2Facial EMFACE DENSITY Radiesse Products Gallery Testimonials Newsletter Financing Contact Us (207) 922-2630 Directions OUR MEDICAL SPA IN PENOBSCOT COUNTY, ME IS DESIGNED TO MAKE YOU FEEL INCREDIBLE! Trust our licensed staff for body sculpting procedures Contact Us OUR MEDICAL SPA IN PENOBSCOT COUNTY, ME IS DESIGNED TO MAKE YOU FEEL INCREDIBLE! Trust our licensed staff for body sculpting procedures Contact Us Embrace each day with confidence. Book your laser treatments today at Penobscot Medical Aesthetics. Penobscot Medical Aesthetics is a medical spa in Penobscot County, ME. We specialize in aesthetic treatments such as Botox , Juvéderm and body sculpting . You can count on our team to provide exceptional treatments that'll leave you feeling refreshed. DR. JENNIFER FREESE REBECCA FISH, L.A. Haylee Pacheco, RN Your health is our primary concern Emotional health is just as important as physical health. When you feel confident, you feel empowered to take on any challenge that comes your way. That's why we live by our slogan, "Look good. Feel great. Live well." To provide the best experience possible, we're proud to employ a team of qualified experts. Check out their noteworthy achievements: For Gift Cards Click Here We accept Advance Credit! Let Advance Care help you look and feel better. Interest free periods of 6 to 14 months are available making financing more affordable than you might think. Flexible terms, low interest rates, and great customer service. ​ We want to ensure that our website and services are accessible to all of our potential customers. Penobscot Medical Aesthetics continuously makes modifications to increase the accessibility and usability of this website, using the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) published by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), the main international standards organization for the Internet. Accessibility and usability are not always possible in every area of the website or for those visitors using assistive technologies and devices. Please be advised that our efforts are ongoing, and we continue to improve our designs based upon your feedback. If you have found an inaccessible area on the site, please be sure to specify the web page and provide us with any other information you may think will help us locate the area. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2026 Penobscot Medical Aesthetics, all rights reserved. 608 Main Rd N Hampden,, Penobscot County , ME 04444 (207) 922-2630