Contact Modern Medspa | Medspas in Hooksett & Plymouth, NH Hooksett | Plymouth (603) 770-8597 Book now contact specials locations products services home about Laser & Skin Resurfacing Microneedling with Radiofrequency BroadBand Light (BBL) Contour TRL Erbium Laser MOXI Laser Injectables & Anti-Aging Platelet Rich Fibrin EZ Gel Neuromodulators Dermal Fillers Sculptra Platelet Rich Fibrin Skin Treatments & Facials ZO Skin Health Facials Hydrafacials Chemical Peels Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy IV Hydration B12 Injections Hormone Replacement Therapy Beauty Services Brows Lashes Spray Tans Hair Restoration & Scalp Health PRF Hair Restoration MOXI Laser + Exosomes Restoration Keravive Scalp Hydrafacial view all services Microneedling compare all treatments Laser Hair Removal Plymouth, NH Medspa Services in plymouth 151 Main St, Unit 7T, Plymouth, NH 03264 (603) 703-2999 Hooksett, NH Medspa Services in Hooksett 1106 Hooksett Rd, Unit 9, Hooksett, NH 03106 (603) 770-8597 Medical Grade Skincare & Wellness Products ZO Skin Health Biote Nutraceuticals Gift Cards Specials Memberships Packages Payment Plans Get In Touch Contact Book A Treatment Book A Consult Email Us Plymouth, NH 151 Main St, Unit 7T, Plymouth, NH 03264 (603) 703-2999 Hooksett, NH 1106 Hooksett Rd, Unit 9, Hooksett, NH 03106 (603) 770-8597 Medspa Policies Book now contact specials locations products services home about Whether you know exactly what you need or you're looking for honest guidance on where to start, our team is here to help. BOOK YOUR CONSULTATION You’re somewhere between a million Google searches and your best skin yet. Injectables Skin Treatments & Facials Laser & Advanced Skin Treatments Hair Restoration Beauty Services Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy Injectables Skin Treatments & Facials Laser & Advanced Skin Treatments Hair Restoration Beauty Services Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy Send it over Call us to book at (603) 770-8597 or send us an email by filling out the fields below! Are you interested in Pricing, Treatments, Scheduling or something else? Message: Email Address Full Name Have questions before you book? Ask away! explore services Thanks so much for reaching out to the Team and Modern Medspa. We'll be in touch soon! Your message has been sent! Find Your Modern Medspa Hooksett Plymouth MODERN MEDSPA HOOKSETT Stop By : 1106 Hooksett Rd, Unit 9, Hooksett, NH 03106 Call Us : (603) 770-8597 Email Us : [email protected] Monday- Friday: 9am-6pm Saturday: 10am-2pm Sunday: Closed Get Directions → MODERN MEDSPA Plymouth Stop By : 1106 Hooksett Rd, Unit 9, Hooksett, NH 03106 Call Us : (603)703-2999 Email Us : [email protected] Monday: 9am-2pm Tuesday: 9am-4pm Wednesday - closed Thurs: 9am-6pm Friday: 9am-2pm Saturday: 9am-3pm Sunday: Closed Get Directions → Follow Us On Instagram Jess and the team regularly share their controversial opinions on aesthetic medicine, take you behind-the-scenes of treatments, and give skin health education worth tuning into! @modernmedspa_nh @ modernmedspa_plymouth MORE ABOUT US Modern Medspa is a PA-C led aesthetic medicine practice with locations in Hooksett and Plymouth, NH, specializing in advanced skin health, anti-aging, and whole-person wellness. Our team brings a more thoughtful standard to every treatment, wholeheartedly believing that better transformations come from better care. Prioritizing safety, honest conversations, and informed decisions, our patients feel confident in their choices, in their results, and in their skin. About Modern Medspa ★★★★★ "I went to Jess with super super botched lip filler from somewhere else. I didn’t think there was any possibility of it being fixed but she works miracles! She not only dissolved the filler I had but managed to refill them to what I initially wanted. She is kind, talented, and non judgmental. 10/10 would recommend" Cadence Solsky ★★★★★ "Best MedSpa Ever!! Highly recommend coming here! Jess was amazing and took the time to truly listen to all my concerns regarding my face. Addi did my lash lift and it came out great too!! Highly recommend this place- both Jess and Addi are truly professional and great people." Lilli Hahn ★★★★★ "I highly recommend Kristen! I am so happy I found her. She is so caring and truly takes the time to listen to your wants and needs to be sure you are happy!" Ashley Thomas ★★★★★ "Absolutely worth the visit. Jess that does my treatments is knowledge and the quality is above and beyond the other medspas I have used previously. It’s clear that she’s an owner that truly cares above providing outstanding service to anyone that walks in the door." Brittany ★★★★★ "Jess is incredible, she treats you like a real person with warmth and kindness. She listens to what you want to achieve with the services offered (in this case, cheek filler) and she has the expertise to meet your goals." Meagan P ★★★★★ "Addi is amazing!! Genuinely the best esthetician I have ever been to. She’s so understanding and listens to my concerns. And actually takes action to solve those issues instead of trying to sell products or giving me a service I don’t need for a money grab. I couldn’t recommend her more!" Jenna Clarke ★★★★★ "I went to Jess with super super botched lip filler from somewhere else. I didn’t think there was any possibility of it being fixed but she works miracles! She not only dissolved the filler I had but managed to refill them to what I initially wanted. She is kind, talented, and non judgmental. 10/10 would recommend" Cadence Solsky ★★★★★ "Best MedSpa Ever!! Highly recommend coming here! Jess was amazing and took the time to truly listen to all my concerns regarding my face. Addi did my lash lift and it came out great too!! Highly recommend this place- both Jess and Addi are truly professional and great people." Lilli Hahn ★★★★★ "I highly recommend Kristen! I am so happy I found her. She is so caring and truly takes the time to listen to your wants and needs to be sure you are happy!" Ashley Thomas ★★★★★ "Absolutely worth the visit. Jess that does my treatments is knowledge and the quality is above and beyond the other medspas I have used previously. It’s clear that she’s an owner that truly cares above providing outstanding service to anyone that walks in the door." Brittany ★★★★★ "Jess is incredible, she treats you like a real person with warmth and kindness. She listens to what you want to achieve with the services offered (in this case, cheek filler) and she has the expertise to meet your goals." Meagan P ★★★★★ "Addi is amazing!! Genuinely the best esthetician I have ever been to. She’s so understanding and listens to my concerns. And actually takes action to solve those issues instead of trying to sell products or giving me a service I don’t need for a money grab. I couldn’t recommend her more!" Jenna Clarke ✸ Client Love ✸ Client Love Want updates on limited-time specials & new services? Share your email & stay in-the-know. First Name Email Address * Paragraph Products ZO Skin Health Biote Nutraceuticals Gift Cards Site Nav Home About All Services Contact Specials Offers Memberships Packages Payment Plans Plymouth, NH Medspa Services in plymouth 151 Main St, Unit 7T, Plymouth, NH 03264 (603) 703-2999 Hooksett, NH Medspa Services in Hooksett 1106 Hooksett Rd, Unit 9, Hooksett, NH 03106 (603) 770-8597 Contact Book a Treatment Book A Consult Get in Touch Email Us where to find us Modern Medspa is a PA-C led aesthetic medicine practice specializing in advanced skin health, anti-aging, and whole person wellness. Medspa Policies Privacy Policy Brand & Website designed by Savina Studios © Modern Medspa, 2026 Words by Morph Copy House Terms & Conditions | Explore Services Home About Plymouth Location Contact Offers Specials Memberships Packages Payment Plans Injectables & Anti-Aging + Neuromodulators Dermal Fillers Sculptra Platelet Rich Fibrin Platelet Rich Fibrin EZ Gel Skin Treatments & Facials + ZO Skin Health Facials Hydrafacials Chemical Peels Laser & Skin Resurfacing + Microneedling Microneedling with Radiofrequency BroadBand Light (BBL) Contour TRL Erbium Laser MOXI Laser Laser Hair Removal Hair Restoration & Scalp Health + PRF Hair Restoration MOXI Laser + Exosomes Restoration Keravive Scalp Hydrafacial Wellness, Hormones, & IV Therapy + IV Hydration B12 Injections Hormone Replacement Therapy Beauty Services + Brows Lashes Spray Tans Site Nav Medspa Services Hooksett Location book now Gift Cards Products + ZO Skin Health Biote Nutraceuticals