MedSpa in Keene, NH - Introspect Wellness Skip to content Services Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers Botox Jeuveau Dysport Xeomin Fillers Juvederm® Restylane Sculptra® Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Microneedling (Candela Exceed, Pixel8) PDO Threads Erb: YAG Laser Resurfacing PRP Vampire Facial Weight loss Facial Services Custom Facials & Peels Skincare Skin Analysis + Evaluation Refined Waxing Services Wellness Hormone Replacement Therapy Pain Relief Treatments IV Infusions Non-Surgical Fat Removal Kybella® PCDC Injections Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Gift Cards Gallery Payment Plans About Testimonials VIP Blog Contact Services Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers Botox Jeuveau Dysport Xeomin Fillers Juvederm® Restylane Sculptra® Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Microneedling (Candela Exceed, Pixel8) PDO Threads Erb: YAG Laser Resurfacing PRP Vampire Facial Weight loss Facial Services Custom Facials & Peels Skincare Skin Analysis + Evaluation Refined Waxing Services Wellness Hormone Replacement Therapy Pain Relief Treatments IV Infusions Non-Surgical Fat Removal Kybella® PCDC Injections Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Gift Cards Gallery Payment Plans About Testimonials VIP Blog Contact Feel Better in Your Body. Look More Like Yourself. Personalized aesthetic and wellness treatments designed to inspire confidence and celebrate your natural beauty. BOOK APPOINTMENT NOW BEST TREATMENT FOR ME Featured Services Botox Refresh your look with Botox®—the gold standard in non-surgical aesthetic treatments worldwide. Learn More Weight Loss At Introspect Wellness, our weight loss program offers a personalized approach to support your goals and overall wellness. Learn More Microneedling What if there was a way to enhance your skin’s natural glow, helping to soften fine lines and improve overall texture over time? That’s the beauty of microneedling. Learn More PRP Hair Restoration At Introspect Wellness in Keene, NH, we offer personalized PRP treatments to support hair health and help you feel more confident. Learn More View All services BEST TREATMENT FOR ME Testimonials Introspect has a comfortable, welcoming atmosphere. Scheduling was a breeze. My experience with Jessica was amazing. I love my results every time!! New Best place in Keene!!! T. Fletcher Jessica has been a wonderful relief aid for my on going cluster migraines with her Trigger injections/Botox injections. She has been very accommodating and is really knowledgeable! I highly recommend her! C. Dupuis I used to look in the mirror, hold back my jowls and wish they would stay that way. Since Joanne placed thread pods my jowls are gone, like magic. I’m very happy with the outcome and would recommend it to others with out a doubt! K Carlton I couldn’t be happier with the service! Exceptional care, kindness, and skills. I truly appreciate the details Joanne remembers about my past procedures and the thought given to future treatments. Love her 💖 I. Luhrs Introspect Wellness is the place to go! Everyone that works there is great, accommodating, and so talented! These ladies will guide you in the right direction to meet your goals and offer A TON of services! Book a free consult, you will not regret it! K. Lewis Our Story Introspect Wellness was founded with a singular vision—to support individuals on their journey toward holistic well-being and self-discovery. Recognizing the connection between mind, body, and spirit, we set out to create a space where clients can explore and enhance their inner and outer health. Our team of dedicated professionals brings together experience in medical aesthetics, wellness therapies, and personalized care, all designed to support your individual goals. Located in the heart of Keene, NH, Introspect Wellness offers a serene and supportive environment for those seeking thoughtful, personalized care. We believe that beauty and wellness begin from within, and our mission is to guide you in nurturing every facet of your well-being. Meet the whole team Follow Us On Instagram Your tattoo made sense at the time, but your life The best Botox® is the kind no one notices. At Are you someone who clenches their teeth? Deals wi Your skin has an incredible ability to renew itsel Losing weight is a huge accomplishment. But for ma 19 West St, Keene, NH, 03431 (603) 338-6065 Email Us quicklinks About Testimonials Gift Cards Gallery Financing VIP Contact About Testimonials Gift Cards Gallery Financing VIP Contact Services Wrinkle Relaxers Fillers Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Weight Loss Facial Services Skincare Wellness Non-Surgical Fat Removal Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Wrinkle Relaxers Fillers Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Weight Loss Facial Services Skincare Wellness Non-Surgical Fat Removal Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Send us a MEssage Your Name Your email Phone Number Message Send Website by Tier3Media Services Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers Botox Jeuveau Dysport Xeomin Fillers Juvederm® Restylane Sculptra® Skin Tightening & Rejuvenation Microneedling (Candela Exceed, Pixel8) PDO Threads Erb: YAG Laser Resurfacing PRP Vampire Facial Weight loss Facial Services Custom Facials & Peels Skincare Skin Analysis + Evaluation Refined Waxing Services Wellness Hormone Replacement Therapy Pain Relief Treatments IV Infusions Non-Surgical Fat Removal Kybella® PCDC Injections Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Tattoo Removal Age Spot and Melasma Removal Gift Cards Gallery Payment Plans About Testimonials VIP Blog Contact