Our Facility | Plastic Surgery Center & Spa in Maine Accessibility Tools Skip to main content (207) 213-1867 Home About Meet Dr. Hazboun Our Facility Our Staff The Consultation Testimonials Reviews Media Blog Articles Videos Face Facelift Rhinoplasty Neck Lift Brow Lift Eyelid Lift Chin Implant Ear Surgery Breast Breast Augmentation Breast Implant Options Breast Lift Breast Reduction Breast Revision Gynecomastia Body Liposuction Tummy Tuck Mommy Makeover Brazilian Butt Lift Thigh Lift Arm Lift Body Lift Buttock Lift Labiaplasty Men Liposuction for Men Tummy Tuck for Men Facelift for Men Rhinoplasty for Men Eyelid Lift for Men Gynecomastia NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Hair NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Nutrafol Non-Surgical IV Hydration Injectables BOTOX Cosmetic Dysport Juvéderm Radiesse Restylane SkinVive™ Lip Augmentation with Juvéderm Kybella Facial Rejuvenation Microneedling with PRP ReSmooth IPL Dermaplaning Diamond Glow CoolPeel Microblading Ombre/Powdered Brows Combo Brows Lip Blushing Lash Enhancement Eyelash Extensions Body Treatments Avéli Cellulite Reduction Laser Hair Removal Spider Vein Removal Back Facial V-Shot Skin ZO Skin Health Latisse SkinMedica Spa Gallery Resources FAQ Patient Portal Patient Forms Services Financing Specials COVID Protocol Virtual Consultation (207) 213-1867 Contact Our Facility Home About Our Facility At The Plastic Surgery Center we offer you a comfortable and relaxed setting with state-of-the-art technology in cosmetic surgery . Our Mission Statement We believe that each person is an individual with unique needs. To meet those needs we are committed to providing and maintaining unparalleled standards of care, excellence, quality, and above all, compassion. Our goal is to help people feel good about themselves by bringing out the beauty that’s been there all along. Visit our plastic / cosmetic surgery office located in Portland, Maine (ME) . Our Office Our Plastic Surgery Center was carefully designed to promote a clear reflection of aesthetic beauty; our office has the look and feel of peaceful ambiance in its architectural and interior design. Our procedures are performed in our own fully accredited, state-of-the-art surgical suite. We utilize the most modern equipment available and staff our facility with experienced and highly skilled personnel. It is our desire that you leave our practice feeling more confident and knowledgeable about cosmetic surgery and the benefits that it can provide to improve your quality of life! Offering AAAASF Accredited Facilities Visiting Maine Plastic Surgery is about much, much more than simply enjoying the care and consideration of such a passionate team. In addition to the dedication our team brings to each and every procedure, we’re also excited to offer you the safety and peace of mind that comes along with our AAAASF-Accredited surgical facilities. Our surgical center has earned the highest level of accreditation possible in the nation, providing you with an unparalleled level of safety, the most cutting-edge technology available, and a staff that is dedicated to providing you with an exceptionally high level of care. Awards The Maine Plastic Surgery Center is consistently honored in the Best of Portland and Best of 207 award programs, earning recognition in categories such as Best Plastic Surgeon and Best Medical Spa. These awards are locally driven, with nominations and votes cast by members of our community and across the state. Each year, businesses are celebrated for their commitment to excellence, outstanding service, and dedication to their craft — and we’re proud to be counted among them. Schedule a Consultation Contact Us Home About Face Breast Body Men Hair Non-Surgical Gallery Resources (207) 213-1867 Contact Us (207) 213-1867 Contact Us 1685 Congress St. #301 Portland, ME 04102 (207) 213-1867 Social 4.9 Stars 445 Reviews © Maine Plastic Surgery. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Digital Marketing & Design by Studio 3 Marketing ® (opens in a new tab) Accessibility: If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at (207) 775-1933 . Contact Us