Our Staff | Plastic Surgery Center & Spa Accessibility Tools Skip to main content (207) 213-1867 Home About Meet Dr. Hazboun Our Facility Our Staff The Consultation Testimonials Reviews Media Blog Articles Videos Face Facelift Rhinoplasty Neck Lift Brow Lift Eyelid Lift Chin Implant Ear Surgery Breast Breast Augmentation Breast Implant Options Breast Lift Breast Reduction Breast Revision Gynecomastia Body Liposuction Tummy Tuck Mommy Makeover Brazilian Butt Lift Thigh Lift Arm Lift Body Lift Buttock Lift Labiaplasty Men Liposuction for Men Tummy Tuck for Men Facelift for Men Rhinoplasty for Men Eyelid Lift for Men Gynecomastia NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Hair NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Nutrafol Non-Surgical IV Hydration Injectables BOTOX Cosmetic Dysport Juvéderm Radiesse Restylane SkinVive™ Lip Augmentation with Juvéderm Kybella Facial Rejuvenation Microneedling with PRP ReSmooth IPL Dermaplaning Diamond Glow CoolPeel Microblading Ombre/Powdered Brows Combo Brows Lip Blushing Lash Enhancement Eyelash Extensions Body Treatments Avéli Cellulite Reduction Laser Hair Removal Spider Vein Removal Back Facial V-Shot Skin ZO Skin Health Latisse SkinMedica Spa Gallery Resources FAQ Patient Portal Patient Forms Services Financing Specials COVID Protocol Virtual Consultation (207) 213-1867 Contact Our Staff Home About Our Staff The Plastic Surgery Center’s highly professional and knowledgeable staff realizes that patients need accurate information, skilled care, and close personal attention. Expert Care with a Personal Touch Our warm and dedicated staff wants your experience to be pleasant and will help you feel as reassured and relaxed as possible. Our staff also maintains up-to-date training so that they are able to provide you with information on all of the latest techniques and products. Inside Look at Maine Plastic Surgery: Meet Our Passionate Team! Katherine Manzo Patient Concierge Katherine is a Maine native who received her bachelor’s degree from Thomas College. Katherine is the Patient Concierge for the surgical side of our practice. Having worked with us for over three years, she is well-versed and educated in all cosmetic procedures—from lip filler, to Neograft, to mommy makeovers! In fact, during 2020 Katherine single-handedly booked so many Neograft cases that Maine Plastic Surgery is now labeled a Diamond Provider, which is the highest tier in industry. Katherine reviews scheduling, pricing, downtime and more, while ensuring you have a five-star experience from start to finish. She is prepared to educate you every step of the way, from your initial phone call to your final follow-up. She is inspired and driven by helping individuals obtain their goals and gain confidence in their skin. In addition, Katherine enjoys teaching children’s dance classes right here in Portland Maine! If Katherine is not in our office or the dance studio, you can find her at home with her husband and three dogs. Hillary Klenda Office Coordinator/Medical Assistant Hillary is a Maine native and grew up in Southern Maine. She first attended college at New England College for Business and Marketing, but soon realized her true passion was in the medical field. She began pursuing a career in Science and attended SMCC and USM to get her degree. Hillary has experience working with children in pediatric neurology for 4 years specializing in epilepsy and traumatic brain disorders, primary care and weight loss management. She has always been intrigued by the aesthetics field and absolutely loves it. She has been with our practice for 3 years now. She takes pride in making patients feel comfortable and confident starting with their initial step into the practice. Her number one goal is to make each patient feel they are receiving concierge-style care and quality treatments. She does everything from rooming patients, pre-operative appointments & prepping for procedures, to assisting the doctors while performing surgery. She enjoys creating the quality, five-star atmosphere that we strive for. Outside of the office, Hillary loves spending time with her family and fur babies. She enjoys traveling anytime that she can. Kaydie Larson Office Coordinator & Spa Concierge Kaydie was born and raised in Aroostook County, Maine, and currently resides in Southern Maine. With several years of customer service experience and an established role at Maine Plastic Surgery, she serves as the Office Coordinator & Spa Concierge. Kaydie takes great pride in creating a welcoming environment and ensuring that each patient feels comfortable and supported from the moment they arrive. She is dedicated to delivering a consistent five-star experience at every stage of the patient journey. Kaydie is committed to continuing her education in the Plastic Surgery & Medical Aesthetics field, and she values expanding her knowledge to better support both patients and the practice. Outside of the office, she enjoys spending time outdoors—whether in the sun, snow, or on the lake—as well making memories with her significant other and loved ones. Wendy Martin CSFA Wendy has been a Certified Surgical Technologist since 1987 and a Certified First Assist since 2002. She earned her Bachelor’s degree in Humanities from Harvard University, cum laude, in 2001. Prior to joining Maine Plastic Surgery’s team in 2013, Wendy worked in Portland hospitals, was a mobile laser provider, and did historic preservation work. She is a former member on the Maine Board of the Association of Surgical Technologists, and is a Registered Maine Responder. Outside of work, Wendy enjoys hiking, paddling, and playing bass guitar. She is also a proud parent to an adult son and daughter. Wendy loves working in an esthetic practice. Maine Plastic Surgery clients truly benefit from her compassion, ethics, and experience. Cheri D’alessandro Aesthetic Nurse, RN Cheri began her nursing career at The Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, where she practiced until moving to Maine eight years ago. After more than ten years specializing in Emergency Medicine, Cheri discovered Aesthetic Nursing and found exactly what she was looking for- a career that allows artistic freedom, as well as truly patient-centered care. She obtained her certification through Aesthetic Medical Educators Training, then went on to become physician-trained in the administration of Botox and dermal fillers. Instead of cookie-cutter treatments, Cheri approaches age management by precise planning and placement of Botox and filler injections, ensuring an optimal outcome for each of her patients. When not at work, Cheri stays busy with her husband and two children, relishing her role as a soccer/hockey mom. In her free time, she loves to fish, surf, and get lost in a good book. Christina Larrabee Aesthetic Nurse, RN Christina grew up in Marlborough, Massachusetts and moved to Maine in high school with her family. After 24 years of nursing experience in Psych, Geriatrics and Otolaryngology, she found her passion, aesthetic nursing. Christina has been injecting for three years and truly loves what she does. She is a is a passionate artist, dedicated to precision and perfection. Christina is not only certified in Botox and dermal fillers but also physician-trained. Advanced filler techniques with both needle and microcannula help her achieve optimal and natural looking results. Christina is described by her patients as warm, friendly, professional and dedicated to her craft, approaching each patient as an individual to truly understand their goals. Outside of work, Christina enjoys Zumba, yoga, bicycling, traveling, volunteering and spending time with family and friends. Jessica Ouellette Spa Manager & Patient Concierge Jessica was born and raised in Southern Maine and currently resides here. After 5 years as our Office Coordinator, Jessica’s easy-going, helpful nature, combined with her desire to learn, earned her a new role as our aesthetic concierge. She helps to lead our team by providing some of the best customer service in the business, treating every patient with care, consideration and respect for the past 3 years, pioneering the Spa at Maine Plastic Surgery. She singlehandedly manages and spearheads the entire spa side of our practice. Jessica helps patients with finding the best treatment to achieve their skincare goals or get ready for big events. She reviews all pre- and post- care instructions, scheduling and timeline to achieve your goals. Jessica is here to provide a comfortable environment whether you are new to our office or are a friendly face returning to visit. When Jessica is not in the office you can find her spending most of her free time with her family and or furthering her education for her role. Carrie Churchill Manager & Patient Concierge Carrie moved back to Maine from San Diego in 2016. Outside of work Carrie loves to spend her time at home with her dogs and enjoying the outdoors. She is passionate about finding ways to help the less fortunate by dedicating time and whatever resources she can to help others. Carrie has been working in the Aesthetic Industry for the last 6 years and as Patient Concierge, she serves as a personal contact for potential patients. One of her favorite day-to-day experiences is seeing our patients coming back into the office for their follow-up appointments and finally feeling as beautiful on the outside as they do on the inside. Her primary focus is on outreach and patient acquisition by building relationships with prospective patients during the provider selection process. She will be there to answer any questions you may have before and after your visit as well as help bridge a positive and open relationship with our practice. Her continuous conscientious nature ensures that our patients experience top-quality treatment and the very best care from start to finish. Nikki Logan Patient Concierge Nikki was raised in Camden, Maine, and moved to Portland in 2008 before graduating from Spa Tech for cosmetology and makeup artistry. She brings extensive previous experience to Maine Plastic Surgery and is passionate about helping clients feel the best they can. Helping people feel great about themselves has always been something Nikki prioritizes and is the foundation of her approach as our patient concierge. Outside of MPS, Nikki enjoys spending time in the sun, water, and sand with her husband, Jamie, their two fur babies, and their family. Corrina Vasquez NeoGraft Master Technician Corrina Vasquez has been specializing in hair restoration for over 20 years. As a Certified NeoGraft Trainer and FUE specialist, she has trained doctors and technicians around the United States in FUE hair restoration in addition to performing hair transplants as a Master Tech. Corrina prides herself in her ability to help her patients achieve their vision of transforming their appearance. She enjoys nothing more than witnessing how their new look infuses them with newfound confidence and a sense of well- being that is often life-changing. If you ask Corrina's patients, there are three qualities that stand out the most to them after having undergone a hair restoration procedure with her: 1) how comfortable she made them feel, 2) how thorough she was in making sure she understood exactly how they wanted their hair designed, and 3) how fast the day flew by while she was communicating with them throughout the entire process. She is regularly complimented on both her professionalism and her ability to make her patients feel at ease Corrina is originally from California but has lived in Texas for 31 years. In her free time, she enjoys cooking and spending time with her family and friends. Bria Campobasso Office Coordinator Bria grew up on Sebago Lake and is proud to be part of the Maine Plastic Surgery team. She holds certifications in Personal Training and Nutrition from the International Sports Sciences Association, giving her a strong foundation in health, wellness, and body composition that enhances her work in aesthetics. With a background in client relations and patient care, Bria is dedicated to creating a welcoming, personalized experience for every individual she serves. As a professional bikini bodybuilder with the Organization of Competitive Bodybuilders (OCB), she embodies discipline, dedication, and a commitment to maintaining the highest standards in health and performance. She is passionate about continuing her education while in school to be an M.A with a specialty in Aesthetics to advance her career in the aesthetic field. Outside of work, Bria enjoys fishing, training at the gym, and spending time with her family and dogs. Ferrah Bozdag Laser Specialist, Medical Esthetician Before her family decided to settle down in the beautiful state of Maine, Ferrah grew up as a Military Brat and was born in Germany. Over the years she traveled and lived in many places but made Maine her home with her husband in 2018. Ferrah always had a passion for skincare, makeup, and wellness growing up. When the Pandemic hit she decided to dive into this interest and pursue a career in the ever-growing esthetic industry. Ferrah graduated from SpaTech Institute and has since continued her education. She graduated from New Look Laser College and began offering laser services. Her current focus is Laser Hair Removal, Superficial spider vein removal, spa facials, dermaplaning, chemical peels, and most importantly--educating clients. She is excited to grow with the Maine Plastic Surgery team and help clients feel confident in their skin! Ferrah spends her free time with family and friends, jewelry making & metalsmithing, hiking with her pup Odin, traveling, or working on cars with her husband. Miranda Walls LPN Born and raised in Southern Maine, in the coastal town of Old Orchard Beach, Miranda is a Licensed Practical Nurse with over 10 years of experience working across various areas of healthcare, including geriatrics, obstetrics, internal medicine and pediatrics. She began her career as a Certified Nursing Assistant and Medication Technician before attending the Maine College of Health Professions nursing program. She had always envisioned herself working within the field of aesthetics, a passion solidified during her OR rotation in nursing school when she was paired with a plastic surgeon and immediately fell in love with the specialty. Passionate about patient care, Miranda brings both expertise and a compassionate approach to her role. Outside of work, she enjoys spending time with her fiance, friends and family, as well as exploring her creative side through arts, crafts, cooking, and baking! Samantha Potvin RN From a young age, Samantha knew she was meant to work in healthcare. After starting her career as a Certified Nursing Assistant right out of high school, she went on to become a Medical Assistant for an orthopedic surgeon and later proudly cared for veterans at the VA Medical Center. Now, as a nursing student, Samantha is thrilled to be stepping into her dream field of plastics and aesthetics — helping people feel empowered, confident, and like the very best version of themselves. She brings a heartfelt, patient-centered approach to every interaction, believing that true beauty shines brightest when people feel confident and cared for. At home, Samantha’s greatest joy is her family. She and her husband are the proud parents of four energetic boys, and she proudly embraces the title of "boy mom." Her favorite days are spent at hockey games, on sunny Florida beaches, or exploring the magic of Disney World with her family. Schedule a Consultation Contact Us Home About Face Breast Body Men Hair Non-Surgical Gallery Resources (207) 213-1867 Contact Us (207) 213-1867 Contact Us 1685 Congress St. #301 Portland, ME 04102 (207) 213-1867 Social 4.9 Stars 445 Reviews © Maine Plastic Surgery. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Digital Marketing & Design by Studio 3 Marketing ® (opens in a new tab) Accessibility: If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at (207) 775-1933 . Contact Us