Reviews | The Plastic Surgery Center & Spa Accessibility Tools Skip to main content (207) 213-1867 Home About Meet Dr. Hazboun Our Facility Our Staff The Consultation Testimonials Reviews Media Blog Articles Videos Face Facelift Rhinoplasty Neck Lift Brow Lift Eyelid Lift Chin Implant Ear Surgery Breast Breast Augmentation Breast Implant Options Breast Lift Breast Reduction Breast Revision Gynecomastia Body Liposuction Tummy Tuck Mommy Makeover Brazilian Butt Lift Thigh Lift Arm Lift Body Lift Buttock Lift Labiaplasty Men Liposuction for Men Tummy Tuck for Men Facelift for Men Rhinoplasty for Men Eyelid Lift for Men Gynecomastia NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Hair NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Nutrafol Non-Surgical IV Hydration Injectables BOTOX Cosmetic Dysport Juvéderm Radiesse Restylane SkinVive™ Lip Augmentation with Juvéderm Kybella Facial Rejuvenation Microneedling with PRP ReSmooth IPL Dermaplaning Diamond Glow CoolPeel Microblading Ombre/Powdered Brows Combo Brows Lip Blushing Lash Enhancement Eyelash Extensions Body Treatments Avéli Cellulite Reduction Laser Hair Removal Spider Vein Removal Back Facial V-Shot Skin ZO Skin Health Latisse SkinMedica Spa Gallery Resources FAQ Patient Portal Patient Forms Services Financing Specials COVID Protocol Virtual Consultation (207) 213-1867 Contact Reviews Home About Reviews Wellness 5 Stars 355 Reviews Surgery Center - Google 4.9 Stars 445 Reviews realself 4 Stars 4 Reviews Yellow Pages 5 Stars 161 Reviews Facebook 4.7 Stars 37 Reviews Maine Plastic Surgery was recommended to me by a couple of friends and I’m so happy I took their advice. Today was my consultation & the entire staff including the surgeon were welcoming and fun to work with. I left feeling so excited to continue working towards correcting the one thing I’m most self conscious about (my nose). There’s no doubt in my mind they will take great care of me and help accomplish my cosmetic dreams! Olivia E. Cheri was a doll!! I love an injector that is honest and says yea I don't think you need that but you could benefit from this to achieve the look you are wanting. Just because a product is available doesn't always mean it's the best for a patient and I loved her honesty and integrity. She was very attentive and listened to my concerns. I highly recommend her and the center. I left there feeling amazing about the results I could already see. I trusted her professional opinion and will definitely be back. Chris & Daniella R. I’ve been so pleased with my whole process. My consult, my procedure and my follow ups have been amazing. The communication with staff and the Dr is more then I expected. The texts and calls from staff and even the Dr calling me to check in off hours had made me very happy with my choice of surgeon . I have felt very comfortable with every one as well. I would highly recommend Maine Plastic Surgery! Britney R. The office is super peaceful and the employees were all so sweet! Christina did an amazing job on my lip enhancement, she was so detailed and steady handed. She made me feel super comfortable the entire time and made sure I got the look I was hoping for. I highly recommend this office and Christina if you are looking to get your lips done(or any other procedure really)! Kari L. Staff was very accommodating and answered any and all of my questions in a timely manner. Everyone was so friendly and helped put me at ease on the day of surgery. Everything was thoroughly explained and I am very happy about the results of my surgery and am considering additional procedures in the future. I would definitely recommend mainr plastic surgery Stacey W. After a long time away from a routine skincare regimen it was time to reset my skin from summer damage and buildup. I had the most relaxing and rejuvenating facial with Hayley! I highly recommend dermaplaning and the Diamond Glow for instant gratification and healthy dewy skin complexion. For the in between appointment maintenance, Hayley curated an at-home skincare routine using professional product MPS offers in house. I’m feeling my best! Looking forward to my next visit! Chelsea R. Brooke is such a gift and assest to your practice. She is just real. I love her presence and her way with her clients. I adore her as a human and appreciate her skills as a nurse injector. She's an incredible nurse! Miranda B. Dr. Daniel and his entire staff at Maine Plastic Surgery are absolutely amazing! He has great bed side manner, he was very informative and answered any questions I had. I had a breast augmentation done with lipo near my armpits with him a week ago. He and his staff made me feel so comfortable during the entire process! I showed him goal photos and he did just that. I am so pleased with my results and couldn’t have asked for a better experience. I went in with all of my questions answered and felt 100 % confident that it would turn out amazing, he is a perfectionist and I would highly recommend him! Kristi R. Schedule a Consultation Contact Us Home About Face Breast Body Men Hair Non-Surgical Gallery Resources (207) 213-1867 Contact Us (207) 213-1867 Contact Us 1685 Congress St. #301 Portland, ME 04102 (207) 213-1867 Social 4.9 Stars 445 Reviews © Maine Plastic Surgery. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Digital Marketing & Design by Studio 3 Marketing ® (opens in a new tab) Accessibility: If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at (207) 775-1933 . Contact Us