Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions| Soothe Medical Aesthetics Skip to content Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Visia SkinCare Analyisis Biostimulators Radiesse SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Weight Loss Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Schedule An Appointment Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Visia SkinCare Analyisis Biostimulators Radiesse SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Weight Loss Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Schedule An Appointment CALL OR TEXT: 207-877-4090 3 St. Catherine Street Augusta, ME 04330 Instagram Facebook Icon-tiktok-square Envelope Biopsies & Mass/ Skin Excisions Schedule An Appointment A skin lesion biopsy Book Biopsies The skin biopsy is a relatively simple but essential procedure in the management of skin disorders How it works Unravel the mysteries of your skin and ensure its health with our Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions services at SootheMedical. Whether you’re looking to diagnose a skin condition or remove a mass or unusual skin growth, our experienced team can guide you safely through the process. A mass or skin excision is a procedure to remove an unwanted or suspicious lump or area of skin. This may be done for both medical reasons, such as removing skin cancer, and cosmetic reasons, such as removing moles or skin tags. The surgical PA will use a scalpel to remove the entire mass or area of skin and then close the wound with stitches. This also provides a sample for biopsy if needed. Before any of these procedures, the area will be cleaned and a local anesthetic will be applied to numb the area and ensure your comfort. The specific technique and process may vary depending on the location, size, and characteristics of the skin or mass to be biopsied or excised. Why we love it! Biopsies & Mass Skin Excisions can treat: Skin Lesions and Growths : Mass/skin excisions are often used to remove unwanted or abnormal skin growths, including moles, skin tags, cysts, lipomas, and other benign (non-cancerous) lesions. Skin Cancers : Both biopsies and excisions are crucial in the diagnosis and treatment of skin cancers. A biopsy can confirm the diagnosis of skin cancer, including basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, and melanoma. Inflammatory Skin Disorders : Skin biopsies can be useful in diagnosing a variety of inflammatory skin disorders, such as psoriasis, eczema, and dermatitis. Infectious Diseases : Skin biopsies can help identify bacterial, fungal, or viral infections of the skin. Suspicious Skin Changes : If you have changes in the skin that could suggest a serious condition (like skin cancer), including changes in the size, shape, or color of a mole, a skin biopsy can provide a definitive diagnosis. Diagnosis Procedure Recovery Background Skin biopsy is performed in order to obtain tissue for further examination in the laboratory, typically through microscopy or tissue culture. Because of the relatively low risk of skin biopsy as compared with biopsy of other organs, and the ability to obtain a sample under simple local anesthesia, a skin biopsy can be safely and routinely performed in an outpatient or ambulatory setting, as well as an inpatient setting. The usual intent of skin biopsy is to further characterize the nature of a skin growth or eruption and assist in diagnosis by allowing histopathologic evaluation of a tissue sample. After local anesthetic is administered, the tissue is removed and placed in a specimen container with an appropriate fixative, usually 10% formalin for permanent section diagnosis or Michel’s solution for immunofluorescence. The specimen is then sent to a pathology laboratory, where, after tissue fixation, slide preparation, and staining, a pathologist, dermatologist, or dermatopathologist can examine the specimen under a microscope. Questions? We’ve Got Answers: HOW IS A SKIN BIOPSY PERFORMED? A skin biopsy can be performed using several methods, including shave biopsy, punch biopsy, or excision biopsy, depending on the type and location of the skin problem. DOES A SKIN BIOPSY OR A MASS EXCISION HURT? You might feel a slight sting from the injection of local anesthetic, but the biopsy or excision itself should not hurt. After the procedure, the area might be tender for a few days. WHAT CARE IS NEEDED AFTER A BIOPSY OR SKIN EXCISION? We will give you specific instructions on wound care, which usually includes keeping the area clean, applying a topical antibiotic, and changing bandages regularly. You may be advised to avoid strenuous activities for a few days. WHAT ARE THE POTENTIAL RISKS OF SKIN BIOPSIES AND MASS EXCISIONS? Potential risks can include infection, bleeding, scarring, and an allergic reaction to the local anesthetic. In rare cases, a skin biopsy can miss a diagnosis if the lesion is not fully sampled. What Are Your Skin Or Body Concerns? Contact Us & Let Us Know! 🎉 Get a Gift Certificate for Yourself or Gift One to Friends & Family Get our gift card Follow us on Instagram and Facebook Get the best version of you! Schedule An Appointment Enhance what nature gave you Instagram Icon-facebook Icon-tiktok-square Envelope Copyright © 2022 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Apply Get latest update Sign Up This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Contact info@soothemed.com Call/Text Us: 207-877-4090 Location 3 St. Catherine Street Augusta, ME 04330 (Blue Building-Upstairs Entrance, Please Enter Through Black Double Doors) Payment Options Menu Home About Services Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Careers Operation Hours We are Open Tuesdays 9am-5pm Wednesdays 10am-6:30pm Thursday 9am-5pm Friday 9am-5pm We are also open ONE Saturday each month to accommodate those patients who cannot visit with us Tues-Fri. Please check for Saturday schedule who you book online or call/text us to book your Saturday appt. We are closed on all Sundays & Mondays. Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Designed & Developed by Griffon Webstudios Scroll Cancellation policy We ask that you please reschedule or cancel by calling or texting 207-877-4090 a minimum of 24 hours before the beginning of your appointment or you will be charged a cancellation fee of $50.00. If this is your first appointment and you cancel less than 24 hours before your appointment, there will be a $50 deposit required to schedule another appointment. This deposit will be applied toward your treatment if you arrive to your appointment on time. After three no-shows, you will be required to pay for the full cost of your service in advance when booking future appointments. Thank you for understanding. Book An Appointment