Boston Area Medical Spa | Laser MD Skip to content Toggle Navigation Services | Before & After Gallery Body Contouring Coolsculpting CoolTone Emsculpt Kybella Vanquish ME VelaShape III Injectables Botox & Dysport Filler Kybella Laser Treatments Laser Hair Removal Spot Removal Vein Removal No Shave Club Semaglutide Weight Loss Program Skin Rejuvenation Chemical Peels CooLifting Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Ematrix ExPen Fotofacial (IPL) HydraFacial Microdermabrasion Microneedling Ultherapy Vitamin Therapy B-12 Injections IV Vitamin Therapy Locations | About | Contact Us Our Promise Testimonials Financing Our Blog Careers Our Brands Specials | Shop GIFT CARDS SkinMedica Memberships Toggle Navigation Toggle Navigation Services Before & After Gallery Body Contouring Coolsculpting CoolTone Emsculpt Kybella Vanquish ME VelaShape III Injectables Botox & Dysport Filler Laser Treatments Laser Hair Removal Spot Removal Vein Removal No Shave Club Semaglutide Weight Loss Program Skin Rejuvenation Chemical Peels CooLifting Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Ematrix ExPen Fotofacial (IPL) HydraFacial Microdermabrasion Microneedling Ultherapy Vitamin Therapy B-12 Injections IV Vitamin Therapy Locations About Us Contact Us Our Promise Testimonials Financing Our Blog Careers Our Brands Specials Shop Gift Cards SkinMedica Memberships SCHEDULE NOW Toggle Navigation Toggle Navigation SCHEDULE Toggle Navigation Services Before & After Gallery Body Contouring Coolsculpting CoolTone Emsculpt Kybella Vanquish ME VelaShape III Injectables Botox & Dysport Filler Laser Treatments Laser Hair Removal Spot Removal Vein Removal No Shave Club Semaglutide Weight Loss Program Skin Rejuvenation Chemical Peels CooLifting Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Ematrix ExPen Fotofacial (IPL) HydraFacial Microdermabrasion Microneedling Ultherapy Vitamin Therapy B-12 Injections IV Vitamin Therapy Locations About Us Contact Us Our Promise Testimonials Financing Our Blog Careers Our Brands Specials Shop Gift Cards SkinMedica Memberships SCHEDULE NOW Home Jack Pine 2026-05-08T11:34:22-04:00 Loading... PICTURE | PERFECT camera-ready for every celebration ready for your close up buy 2 laser hair removal packages, get 1 FREE! save up to $899 | as low as $59/treatment LEARN MORE Offers valid May 5–31, 2026 only. Restrictions apply. Free packages/treatments of equal or lesser value. PICTURE | PERFECT camera-ready for every celebration find your light buy 2 skin rejuvenation packages or treatments, get 1 FREE! LEARN MORE Offers valid May 5–31, 2026 only. Restrictions apply. Free packages/treatments of equal or lesser value. PICTURE | PERFECT camera-ready for every celebration dance all night 10 week weight loss package semaglutide | $749 or tirzepatide | $999 LEARN MORE Offers valid May 5–31, 2026 only. Restrictions apply. Free packages/treatments of equal or lesser value. PICTURE | PERFECT camera-ready for every celebration celebrating all the ladies purchase a $250 gift card for only $200! LEARN MORE Offers valid May 5–31, 2026 only. Restrictions apply. Free packages/treatments of equal or lesser value. PICTURE | PERFECT camera-ready for every celebration our signature liquid lift 50 units of botox and 2 filler syringes only $1499 | save $500! as low as $62/month with financing LEARN MORE Offers valid May 5–31, 2026 only. Restrictions apply. Free packages/treatments of equal or lesser value. PICTURE | PERFECT camera-ready for every celebration strike a pose buy 3 laser hair removal touch ups and get 1 free! only $199–$299 | save up to $129 LEARN MORE Offers valid May 5–31, 2026 only. Restrictions apply. Free packages/treatments of equal or lesser value. Our Services Body Contouring Trim, Tone & Tighten Non-invasive treatments to remove stubborn fat, reduce cellulite and tone muscle. Injectables Turn Back Time Botox ® Injections and Juvéderm ® Fillers to smooth wrinkles and add facial definition Laser Treatments Stay Smooth & Clear Safe and effective solutions to remove body hair and reduce skin pigmentation irregularities Skin Rejuvenation Protect Your Beauty Medical-grade facials and peels , and advanced technology to tighten and resurface skin Weight Loss Injections Lose Weight, Gain Energy Weekly and take-home treatment options available VIEW ALL SERVICES Our Services Body Contouring Injectables Laser Treatments Skin Rejuvenation Vitamin Therapy VIEW ALL SERVICES Dr. Thomas E. Young Medical Director Dr. Young is an experienced cosmetic injector specializing in non-surgical facial rejuvenation and body sculpting procedures. With over twenty years of expertise in the field, Dr. Young has trained Physicians across the country and now provides ongoing training to our nurses. Dr. Young is professionally affiliated with the American Academy of Cosmetic Surgery and The American Society of Cosmetic Physicians among others. “Finalist for “Best Nonsurgical Facial Rejuvenation Enhancement” 2019 THE Aesthetic Awards™, THE Aesthetic Show™, Las Vegas “Best Nonsurgical Body Shaping Enhancement” 2019 THE Aesthetic Awards™, THE Aesthetic Show™, Las Vegas “Top Aesthetic Doctor” 2018 Aesthetic Everything® Awards, Beverly Hills California “Best Overall Body Makeover” 2011 – THE Aesthetic Awards™, THE Aesthetic Show™, Las Vegas What To Expect Begin your journey at Laser MD Medspa with a complimentary consultation, during which we’ll perform an assessment, identify your goals and design a treatment plan just for you. We’ll help you navigate financing options, prepare you for the treatment process and set expectations for your results. We are committed to providing an exceptional level of care, and with each treatment approved by our team of medical professionals, you can feel confident and at ease from start to finish. We offer: Licensed aesthetic and medical providers, trained in the latest standard of care and technique State of the art equipment and support from the most trusted name brands in the industry Implementation of best practice protocols to keep you, and your information, safe and secure CONTACT US Loading... "COULDN'T BE MORE HAPPY Just had my second laser hair removal appointment, couldn't be more happy! Everyone on the staff is very helpful, pleasant, and knowledgeable about the services offered here. I apologized as I am very very bad with names, but the ladies that did my treatment were very nice and dialed in the laser to the intensity that I could tolerate as I was there to treat my face which is very sensitive. Definitely work the drive from CT to come here! Would also like to mention that I found this to be a very safe space - I am transitioning and I felt at ease through every step of the process. Thanks again and keep up the good work guys!!" -Andy G. "SUPERB! Myself and my family have been going here for almost two years now and the service has been superb. Angela, Alyssa, and Jackie have all done work on people I love. Their results can attest to how amazing this practice is. Personally wanted a place that grants normal and appealing results as I am a young male. I will continue to come here in the future. There is absolutely no pressure to spend tons of money or extra procedures. You will walk out of this practice feeling comfortable, confident, and know they’re a call/appointment away for even the simplest questions." -Nickolas R. "BEYOND AMAZING I just had my 1st experience with Botox and Christine was beyond amazing. She talked me through everything, answered all of my questions regarding Botox and potential lip fillers, and most importantly, was incredibly gentle. I barely felt a thing! I highly recommend Christine and LaserMD Waltham!!" -Courtney B. "A GREAT PLACE FOR LASER HAIR REMOVAL Laser MD Spa is a great place for laser hair removal. They are friendly, courteous and professional. They explain every step of the process and follow through. I highly recommend them." -Diane C. "ATMOSPHERE AND ATTENTION ARE EXCELLENT So far very satisfied with the service provided. The place, its atmosphere, the attention are excellent. I found this place because I had to leave the previous place where I was doing my laser treatment, as the previous place was very unprofessional. At Laser Medspa I have seen better results than the place I was visiting previously." -Andrelisa P. "FACILITY WAS CLEAN AND STAFF WERE FRIENDLY Great experience! Nurse Stephanie was awesome. The facility was clean and the staff were very friendly. I will definitely book another appointment!" -Rosa D. Loading... Laser Hair Removal starting at 75% off Bundle Up & Save learn more New Client Special Botox® $10/unit First time injectable clients Learn More Loading... About Us At Laser MD Medspa, it’s our mission to empower you to be your best self by providing beauty-enhancing and anti-aging treatments. We offer a full suite of aesthetic procedures and products, including laser hair removal, cosmetic injections such as Botox® and fillers, CoolSculpting® and other body contouring solutions, as well as skin rejuvenation treatments and vitamin therapy. REQUEST APPOINTMENT Contact Us LaserMD has joined the MD Esthetics family. We’re here to support your aesthetic goals with expert care, advanced treatments, and a team dedicated to helping you feel confident and empowered. Our medical providers and aestheticians are committed to delivering exceptional service, personalized treatment plans, and results you can trust. <br /> Sign Up For Our Latest News & Promotions Email (Required) © 2022 Laser MD Management, LLC Individual results may vary, testimonials are not claimed to represent typical results. All testimonials are from real patients, and may not reflect the typical patient’s experience, and are not intended to represent or guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results. Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy © 2022 Laser MD Management, LLC Individual results may vary, testimonials are not claimed to represent typical results. All testimonials are from real patients, and may not reflect the typical patient’s experience, and are not intended to represent or guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results. Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Page load link We’re excited to announce that LaserMD Med Spa has officially joined the MD Esthetics family. Moving forward, all appointments will be booked through MD Esthetics, so your experience stays smooth and consistent. × Go to Top