Best Med Spa Augusta, Maine | About HydraPure Infusions 207-213-4645 Toggle navigation Menu Home About Our Clinic What We Offer Testimonials Services IV Drip Therapies Aesthetics & Injections Massage Therapy Permanent Makeup Resources Blog Videos Gift Cards Apply Now Contact Book Now Permanent Makeup About HydraPure Infusions Welcome to HydraPure Medspa, where your journey to health and radiance begins. Founded by Kasha Desrosiers and Ayana Coco, Registered Nurses, with a profound dedication to wellness and combined experience of over 20 years caring for patients with chronic illnesses, HydraPure is more than just a medspa—it’s a sanctuary where beauty and well-being converge. At HydraPure, we specialize in wellness. Our IV drip therapies are designed to enhance your overall health. Our treatments are meticulously formulated to help boost energy levels, alleviate symptoms of hangover, fatigue, dehydration, and nausea, and promote a glowing complexion. Each session is tailored to the unique needs of our clients, acknowledging that individual results may vary. IV hydration therapy at HydraPure goes beyond temporary relief, addressing chronic conditions such as pain, inflammation, and brain fog. Our therapies are aimed at promoting healing and improving quality of life, helping you feel refreshed and rejuvenated. While not a cure for diseases, our treatments offer significant health benefits that could help you achieve wellbeing. For those seeking aesthetic enhancements, HydraPure Medspa is your trusted provider of cutting-edge wrinkle treatments, including tox and dermal fillers. We are proud to partner with trusted brands such as Allergan and Revance, ensuring the use of only authentic, high-quality products for your safety and best results. Our experienced professionals are committed to natural-looking results because we take the time to understand your goals and deliver treatments that help you look as good as you feel. Explore our impressive before-and-after gallery on Instagram or read through our testimonials page to see the transformations we’ve facilitated. Ready for a personalized experience? Schedule a telehealth consultation with one of our skilled Medical Professionals to craft a treatment plan just for you. At HydraPure Infusions Medspa, we believe that true beauty starts from within. Let us help you shine. Meet Our Team Licensed Professionals Kasha Desrosiers BSN, RN Send Email Ayana Coco BSN, RN Guardian MD Telehealth Our Facilities 312 Water St, 2nd Floor, Augusta, Maine Got A Question For Our Team? Leave it in the space below. We will get back to you as soon as possible. Name Email Message Privacy and sharing of information - Required This form is not for health information, and I consent to my contact information being used to respond to my inquiry. My message will be sent to this clinic via unencrypted email. Do not include symptoms, diagnoses, medications, or other sensitive details. I agree This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Home About Our Clinic What We Offer Testimonials Services IV Drip Therapies Aesthetics & Injections Massage Therapy Permanent Makeup Resources Blog Videos Gift Cards Apply Now Contact Book Now Permanent Makeup Privacy Policy Terms And Conditions 312 Water St, Ste 2 Augusta, ME 04330 USA View Map HydraPure Infusions 312 Water St, Ste 2 Augusta, ME 04330-4620 United States Office Hours Monday Closed Tuesday By appointment Wednesday By Appointment Thursday 10-5pm Friday 10-5pm Saturday 1-5pm Sunday Closed Contact Phone: 207-213-4645 Email: [email protected] © 2026 HydraPure Health Aesthetics and Wellness. All Rights Reserved. | Login ×