Patient Reviews | Adorn Medical Aesthetics Skip to main content facebook instagram Shop | Gift Cards | Specials | Book Now | Skincare Consultation Hit enter to search or ESC to close Search Close Search Menu About Areas We Serve Meet the Team Monthly Memberships Programs Patient Reviews Financing Policies Pricing Blog Training Conditions – Acne Acne Scarring Aging Neck Double Chin Dull Skin Facial Contouring Lines & Wrinkles Melasma – Rosacea Rough/Uneven Skin Sexual Wellness Spider Veins Stretch Marks/Scars/Cellulite Sun Spots/Pigmentation Sweating – Thin Lips Thinning Hair TMJ Under Eye Rejuvenation Urinary Incontinence Volume Loss Weight Management Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers BOTOX Dysport Jeuveau XEOMIN Dermal Fillers Belotero Balance+ Juvederm Radiesse Restylane Revanesse RHA Fillers ezGEL Filler Injections Lip Filler Injections Liquid Facelift Under-Eye Rejuvenation Kybella PRP/PRF Sculptra IV Therapy Treatments – Acne BBL HERO Brows and Lashes Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Facial Medical Grade Facials Forever Clear BBL Acne Laser – Hair Restoration IPL Photofacial IV Therapy Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Rejuvenation Laser Vein Therapy – Moxi: Laser Skin Resurfacing Morpheus8 RF Microneedling PDGF: Platelet-Derived Growth Factors PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation SkinPen Microneedling Medical Weight Loss Wellness IV & IM Vitamin Therapy IM Vitamin Therapy IV Therapy Medical Weight Loss PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation Gallery Contact Virtual Consultation 978.846.6807 Shop | Gift Cards | Specials | Book Now | Skincare Consultation About Areas We Serve Meet the Team Monthly Memberships Programs Patient Reviews Financing Policies Pricing Blog Training Conditions – Acne Acne Scarring Aging Neck Double Chin Dull Skin Facial Contouring Lines & Wrinkles Melasma – Rosacea Rough/Uneven Skin Sexual Wellness Spider Veins Stretch Marks/Scars/Cellulite Sun Spots/Pigmentation Sweating – Thin Lips Thinning Hair TMJ Under Eye Rejuvenation Urinary Incontinence Volume Loss Weight Management Injectables Wrinkle Relaxers BOTOX Dysport Jeuveau XEOMIN Dermal Fillers Belotero Balance+ Juvederm Radiesse Restylane Revanesse RHA Fillers ezGEL Filler Injections Lip Filler Injections Liquid Facelift Under-Eye Rejuvenation Kybella PRP/PRF Sculptra IV Therapy Treatments – Acne BBL HERO Brows and Lashes Dermaplaning DiamondGlow Facial Medical Grade Facials Forever Clear BBL Acne Laser – Hair Restoration IPL Photofacial IV Therapy Laser Hair Removal Laser Skin Rejuvenation Laser Vein Therapy – Moxi: Laser Skin Resurfacing Morpheus8 RF Microneedling PDGF: Platelet-Derived Growth Factors PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation SkinPen Microneedling Medical Weight Loss Wellness IV & IM Vitamin Therapy IM Vitamin Therapy IV Therapy Medical Weight Loss PRP For Vaginal Rejuvenation Gallery Contact Virtual Consultation 978.846.6807 Home » About » Patient Reviews Patient Reviews Home » About » Patient Reviews “This was my first time getting lip filler and I choose the perfect place to do it. I love my results!! Jess made me feel super comfortable throughout the entire procedure. I explained to her what I wanted and she exceeded my expectations! She educated me on different types of fillers and made sure that I was well informed and answered all my questions & concerns. Totally recommend this place!” Y.M. “I first have to say that I have had my lips done at 5 different places over the last 6 years, but always kept looking for other places because I was never satisfied. After going to Adorn and seeing Jess-my lips have never looked better. She was extremely thorough and precise and that truly shows in the final results. She is amazing and the best of the best.” B.B. “This was my first time receiving a facial and injection services and they made it as comfortable as possible. The facial was relaxing and my skin looks amazing. Jess was informed about the procedure and made it as painless as possible. I would highly recommend!” Z.H. “From the first appointment I have always felt like I was in good company. Jessica is very knowledgeable and makes sure your service is what you need and want. I consider myself fortunate to have crossed paths.” D.D. “If you’re nervous or it’s your first time getting injections or anything done come to this place! I got eye and lip fillers. Outstanding service! Jess and her team are phenomenal. Incredibly flexible, detail oriented, transparent. Not the type of place that will convince you to do certain treatments simply for their benefit. I have recommended them multiple times to friends and family. The best of the best.” T.A. “My experience here was great! Jess was lovely, and she did an amazing job on my botox injections. No bruising or anything for me, and I'm already noticing a difference from the amazing lip flip she gave me! She was able to help me make a rough plan for my filler in the future, which I really appreciated. I highly recommend seeing Jess at Adorn” W. “I have received multiple treatments. They take the time to explain and answer any questions you have. Beautiful and clean atmosphere. I highly recommend Adorn Medical Aesthetics.” S.R. “Jess gave me the perfect lips! I went to Jess in February for lip filler and she is amazing! I’d recommend all my friends and family to go see Jess for all lip filler, Botox, beauty needs she’s the best! So professional and very knowledgeable.” S.S. See More Reviews Schedule a Consultation Enhance Your Natural Beauty. BOOK NOW About Conditions Injectables Treatments Gallery Training Contact 978.846.6807 5 Stars from 89 Reviews Leave a Review Adorn Medical Aesthetics 73 Main Street North Andover, MA 01845 Adorn Med Spa in North Andover offers premium aesthetic treatments, including dermal fillers , laser hair removal , Botox , and more, to help you look and feel your best. Experience personalized care and cutting-edge services in a relaxing, luxury environment. © 2026 Adorn Medical Aesthetics | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Website and Marketing: S3E, Digital Marketing Company Los Angeles Contact Us 978.846.6807