Med Spa Boston | Medical Spa Boston | Boston Medical Aesthetics View Our Before & Afters Shop Our Skin Care Products Book Now Payment Plans Specials (617) 579-8349 Boston, MA Consultations Toxins Neuromodulators Botox Daxxify Dysport Hyperhidrosis(Excessive Sweating) Lip Flip Masseter/Jawline Slimming Trapezius Tox Body Contouring Body Contouring Coolsculpting Elite Kybella Fillers & Biostimulators Fillers & Biostimulators Cheek Augmentation Chin Augmentation Earlobe Rejuvenation Facial Balancing Jawline Contouring Lip Augmentation Liquid Butt Lift Marionette Line Correction Radiesse Renuva Sculptra Skinvive/Skin Booster Smile Line Correction Temple Augmentation Under-Eye Rejuvenation Laser Laser Laser Hair Removal Laser Pigmentation Treatment Laser Vessel Treatment Lumecca IPL Weight Loss, Wellness & Longevity Weight Loss, Wellness & Longevity Weight Loss & Peptides Care GLP Hormone Replacement Therapy Facials & Skin Care Facials & Skin Care Dermaplaning DiamondGlow ® Facial HydraFacial HydraFacial Keravive™ - Scalp VI Peel Products Products Nutrafol SkinBetter SkinCeuticals SkinMedica Plated™ Skin Science Resources Resources Before & Afters Testimonials Meet Our Team Payment Plans Gift Cards Specials Rewards Programs Blog Contact Us Pre- and Post-Care (617) 973-9700 Submit an Inquiry Natural Aesthetics, Effortless Beauty. Trusted expertise combined with masterful results - Boston's preeminent med spa treatment center. Premier Boston Med Spa for Injectables & Treatments Our Med Spa Boston Medical Aesthetics , conveniently located in the Faneuil Hall area of downtown Boston, is a best-in-the-business cosmetic medical practice dedicated to providing safe and effective treatments in a relaxed and comfortable atmosphere. View Our Specials Book Now Skin-Smoothing Injectables Botox Dysport Daxxify Body Contouring CoolSculpting Elite Kybella Fillers & Biostimulators Juvederm Restylane Sculptra Radiesse Renuva RHA Collection Lasers & Energy Based Treatments Laser Hair Removal Lumecca IPL Facials & Skincare Dermaplane DiamondGlow HydraFacial Hydrafacial Keravive VI Peel Products We Offer Nutrafol SkinBetter Skinceuticals SkinMedica Plated Skin Science 210+ Google reviews 4.9/5 stars 303 Vagaro reviews 5/5 stars 9 Facebook reviews 5/5 stars 50+ Yelp reviews 4.8/5 stars Welcome to Boston Medical Aesthetics We are committed to helping our clients achieve their unique beauty goals by providing the highest quality care and state-of-the-art treatments for cosmetic enhancement and skin rejuvenation. At Boston Medical Aesthetics we emphasize safety, cleanliness, and above all the health and wellbeing of our patients and staff. Our team has more than 40 years of combined experience in cosmetic service , making Boston Medical Aesthetics the place to go for professional aesthetic expertise. From our superior customer service and friendly staff to our gorgeous results, we earn our reputation as the best med spa in Boston with each treatment we deliver. We invite you to experience the difference of Boston Medical Aesthetics with a personal, complimentary, no-pressure consultation today. Why Choose Boston Medical Aesthetics Female owned and operated business Fifteen years in business Over 14,000 patients treated 8,865 treatments performed in the last year alone! Allergan Top 2% account nationwide Staff with 4 years of clinical research experience Over 200 five-star reviews with an average rating of 4.9 stars on Google Why Choose CoolSculpting at Boston Medical Aesthetics Eleven years of CoolSculpting experience Equipped with TWO CoolSculpting Elite devices Treat up to 4 areas at once One Coolsculpting session can be as quick as 35 minutes! Staff has Advanced CoolSculpting training Over 5000 treatments performed Meet Our Founder Jennifer Canesi, APN-BC Board-Certified Nurse Practitioner Our board-certified Nurse Practitioner, Jennifer Canesi, has over a decade of experience in the art of facial rejuvenation with cosmetic injectables and this has made Boston Medical Aesthetics one of the Allergan Top 500 - the top 2% of Allergan providers nationwide. She is a specialist in the areas of soft tissue augmentation, neurotoxins, and minimally invasive techniques. Meet Jennifer At Boston Medical Aesthetics, our goal is to help you look and feel your best with natural, beautiful results. We specialize in treatments like Botox and dermal fillers, including Juvederm, Restylane, and the RHA Collection, to restore and enhance your features. With over 11 years of CoolSculpting experience, we’ve helped countless patients achieve their body contouring goals safely and effectively. For skin rejuvenation, we offer advanced regenerative treatments, along with customized facial contouring, to keep your skin healthy, smooth, and refreshed. To complement your in-office treatments, we carry professional skincare lines including SkinMedica, SkinBetter Science, and SkinCeuticals so you can maintain glowing, radiant skin at home. Meet the Team “Absolutely amazing” I got a non-surgical nose job a couple of months back and I love my results! They took the time to answer my concerns & questions and made me feel comfortable. It was an amazing experience, I will be coming back in the future for some touch-ups! Larissa M “Beautiful work done” If you have to have your face be perfect about you have to see Jennifer!!! Beautiful work done!! She won't lie to you, and she truly loves her job, she tells you how it is and gives you an awesome job done.. ! David S “Very professional” and clean! Located in a convenient location. I have gotten dermaplaning and hydrafacial here. Overall, I was happy with the results and recommend. Mary C “The staff is very professional and friendly” Simple explanation of services and they do not oversell a service that is not needed. Extremely clean and somewhat easy to find!!! I can't wait until I return to my two favorite body care women!!! Linda W “They explained everything they were doing” the reason they were doing it, and the results I should expect. They were both so amazing! I would recommend BMA to anyone, and know they are going to get the best treatment and care Boston has to offer! Keep up the great work ladies! Aram T “Very happy and will definitely be going back” Today I got botox for the first time with Jen. She explained the whole treatment really well and made sure I knew about the whole treatment before doing it. Thank you Boston Medical Aesthetics! Marcylene F “Boston Medical Aesthetics was clean, professional” I felt like I was in great hands! Jen explained the before, after, and during process really well and made sure I knew about the whole treatment and set very real expectations. Very happy with the results and will definitely be going back. Highly recommend! Amanda R Patient Reviews Before & After Gallery To help patients feel more confident about their medical spa decisions , we offer a before and after picture gallery. We hope these images will aid you in feeling confident about moving ahead with your cosmetic journey. Gallery Botox CoolSculpting Dermal Fillers Juvederm Lip Augmentation HydraFacial Botox With BOTOX Cosmetic at Boston Medical Aesthetics, you can dramatically enhance your appearance and look years younger in a matter of minutes . Just one BOTOX treatment can give you smoother-looking skin and a more refreshed appearance without downtime. As the most popular nonsurgical treatment in the country, BOTOX is a favorite in Boston, MA, for men and women who want to soften wrinkles and look rejuvenated and rested . Botox CoolSculpting Boston Medical Aesthetics now has the latest CoolSculpting technology! CoolSculpting treatments in Boston are now more comfortable, more effective and done in as little as 35 minutes . Book your CoolSculpting consultation today. CoolSculpting Dermal Fillers Facial aging is due to changes in several types of tissue, including skin, fat, muscle and bone. In addition to having less lines and wrinkles, a youthful face depends on having the right amount of facial fat in the right places. Certain areas in the midface tend to lose fat while other areas in the lower face such as the mouth and jaw gain volume. Dermal Fillers Juvederm One of the softest hyaluronic acid fillers - is one of the easiest and most effective ways to refresh your appearance. At Boston Medical Aesthetics, JUVÉDERM XC is used to fill out lines and wrinkles, smooth acne scars, lift sunken cheeks, and enhance the lip size and shape . JUVÉDERM XC is the most frequently chosen injectable filler for the lips because of its smooth, soft gel formula Juvederm Lip Augmentation Lip augmentation is swiftly becoming one of the most popular facial enhancements today. Now you can achieve natural-looking, plump lips with our variety of high-quality hyaluronic acid (HA) lip fillers at Boston Medical Aesthetics. Lip Augmentation HydraFacial HydraFacial at Boston Medical Aesthetics is a non-invasive treatment that cleans, exfoliates, extracts and hydrates your skin , all at the same time! HydraFacial is a painless yet, highly effective treatment that uses different serums and a skin abrasion tip to improve the appearance of all different skin types. HydraFacial At Boston Medical Aesthetics we value long term customer relationships, and many of our patients continue to visit us since our opening 10 years ago. We emphasize educating our patients and building a lasting partnership that lasts throughout your future aesthetic journey. With each of our patients, our focus is on personalized service, tailored treatments, and above all delivering best-in-class med spa results that help you to retain your youthful appearance effortlessly and far into the future. Contact Us Boston Medical Aesthetics offers complimentary, no-pressure consultations. Book your appointment online to experience the best medspa experience Boston has to offer today. 21 Merchants Row, Suite 3A, Boston, MA 02109 Procedure of interest* Botox/Dysport/Daxxify Dermal Fillers/Biostimulators DiamondGlow Facial/Hydrafacial CoolSculpting Laser Hair Removal By submitting this you agree to be contacted by Boston Medical Aesthetics via text, call or email. Standard rates may apply. For more details, read our Privacy Policy . Submit (617) 973-9700 Hours Monday: 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM Tuesday: 9:00 AM – 7:00 PM Wednesday: 9:00 AM – 7:00 PM Thursday: 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM Friday: 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM Saturday: 9:00 AM – 4:00 PM Sunday: Closed Address 21 Merchants Row, Suite 3A Boston, MA 02109 (617) 973-9700 4.9/5 Stars from 280+ Reviews 4.9/5 Stars from 280+ Reviews © 2026 Boston Medical Aesthetics | All Rights Reserved | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Practice Policy | Accessibility Medical Spa Marketing Consultations (617) 973-9700 Toxins Neuromodulators Botox Daxxify Dysport Hyperhidrosis(Excessive Sweating) Lip Flip Masseter/Jawline Slimming Trapezius Tox Body Contouring Body Contouring Coolsculpting Elite Kybella Fillers & Biostimulators Fillers & Biostimulators Cheek Augmentation Chin Augmentation Earlobe Rejuvenation Facial Balancing Jawline Contouring Lip Augmentation Liquid Butt Lift Marionette Line Correction Radiesse Renuva Sculptra Skinvive/Skin Booster Smile Line Correction Temple Augmentation Under-Eye Rejuvenation Laser Laser Laser Hair Removal Laser Pigmentation Treatment Laser Vessel Treatment Lumecca IPL Weight Loss, Wellness & Longevity Weight Loss, Wellness & Longevity Weight Loss & Peptides Care GLP Hormone Replacement Therapy Facials & Skin Care Facials & Skin Care Dermaplaning DiamondGlow ® Facial HydraFacial HydraFacial Keravive™ - Scalp VI Peel Products Products Nutrafol SkinBetter SkinCeuticals SkinMedica Plated™ Skin Science Resources Resources Before & Afters Testimonials Meet Our Team Payment Plans Gift Cards Specials Rewards Programs Blog Contact Us Pre- and Post-Care Accessibility