About Us | Examined Life Direct Primary Care & Med Spa — Examined Life Direct Primary Care & Med Spa Skip to Content Open Menu Close Menu HOME SERVICES Direct Primary Care All Services --▸ Accufit Body Contouring --▸ Accufit Medical Workout --▸ Botox --▸ Chemical Peels --▸ CO2 Laser Resurfacing --▸ Direct Primary Care --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy --▸ Glo2facial --▸ Hormone Replacement Therapy --▸ Injectables --▸ IPL Photofacial --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Keralase Hair Restoration --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Laser Skin Resurfacing --▸ Medical Botox --▸ Mental Health Services --▸ Oral Hygiene Services --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers --▸ RF Body Contouring --▸ Weight Management --▸ XERF Structural Skin Tightening --▸ Yoga Medical Treatments --▸ Direct Primary Care --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Hormone Replacement Therapy --▸ Medical Botox --▸ Accufit Medical Workout --▸ Weight Management --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy Skin Treatments --▸ Botox --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ IPL Photofacial --▸ Laser Skin Resurfacing --▸ XERF Structural Skin Tightening --▸ CO2 Laser Resurfacing --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Glo2facial --▸ Chemical Peels Body Treatments --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ Accufit Body Contouring --▸ RF Body Contouring --▸ Keralase Hair Restoration --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Weight Management Injectables --▸ Botox --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers Yoga Mental Health Services Oral Hygiene Services Morpheus8 - RF Microneedling Empower RF - Womens Wellness EVENTS PAYMENT PLANS MEMBERSHIP SPECIALS INFO About Us Blog Contact GIFT CARD 0 0 CONTACT US HOME SERVICES Direct Primary Care All Services --▸ Accufit Body Contouring --▸ Accufit Medical Workout --▸ Botox --▸ Chemical Peels --▸ CO2 Laser Resurfacing --▸ Direct Primary Care --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy --▸ Glo2facial --▸ Hormone Replacement Therapy --▸ Injectables --▸ IPL Photofacial --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Keralase Hair Restoration --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Laser Skin Resurfacing --▸ Medical Botox --▸ Mental Health Services --▸ Oral Hygiene Services --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers --▸ RF Body Contouring --▸ Weight Management --▸ XERF Structural Skin Tightening --▸ Yoga Medical Treatments --▸ Direct Primary Care --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Hormone Replacement Therapy --▸ Medical Botox --▸ Accufit Medical Workout --▸ Weight Management --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy Skin Treatments --▸ Botox --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ IPL Photofacial --▸ Laser Skin Resurfacing --▸ XERF Structural Skin Tightening --▸ CO2 Laser Resurfacing --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Glo2facial --▸ Chemical Peels Body Treatments --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ Accufit Body Contouring --▸ RF Body Contouring --▸ Keralase Hair Restoration --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Weight Management Injectables --▸ Botox --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers Yoga Mental Health Services Oral Hygiene Services Morpheus8 - RF Microneedling Empower RF - Womens Wellness EVENTS PAYMENT PLANS MEMBERSHIP SPECIALS INFO About Us Blog Contact GIFT CARD 0 0 CONTACT US Open Menu Close Menu HOME Folder: SERVICES Back Direct Primary Care All Services --▸ Accufit Body Contouring --▸ Accufit Medical Workout --▸ Botox --▸ Chemical Peels --▸ CO2 Laser Resurfacing --▸ Direct Primary Care --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy --▸ Glo2facial --▸ Hormone Replacement Therapy --▸ Injectables --▸ IPL Photofacial --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Keralase Hair Restoration --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Laser Skin Resurfacing --▸ Medical Botox --▸ Mental Health Services --▸ Oral Hygiene Services --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers --▸ RF Body Contouring --▸ Weight Management --▸ XERF Structural Skin Tightening --▸ Yoga Medical Treatments --▸ Direct Primary Care --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Hormone Replacement Therapy --▸ Medical Botox --▸ Accufit Medical Workout --▸ Weight Management --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy Skin Treatments --▸ Botox --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ IPL Photofacial --▸ Laser Skin Resurfacing --▸ XERF Structural Skin Tightening --▸ CO2 Laser Resurfacing --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Glo2facial --▸ Chemical Peels Body Treatments --▸ Osteopathic Manipulation --▸ Exosome & Cellular Therapy --▸ Radiofrequency Microneedling --▸ Accufit Body Contouring --▸ RF Body Contouring --▸ Keralase Hair Restoration --▸ Laser Hair Removal --▸ Weight Management Injectables --▸ Botox --▸ Juvederm Dermal Fillers --▸ Restylane Dermal Fillers Yoga Mental Health Services Oral Hygiene Services Morpheus8 - RF Microneedling Empower RF - Womens Wellness EVENTS PAYMENT PLANS MEMBERSHIP SPECIALS Folder: INFO Back About Us Blog Contact GIFT CARD CONTACT US About Examined Life Holistic Health Meets Aesthetics “The unexamined life is not worth living.” –Socrates At Examined Life, we blend the best of modern healthcare and aesthetics as both a direct primary care practice and a med spa in York, Maine serving the greater Portsmouth, New Hampshire area. With our doctors, trained in osteopathic manipulation therapy , we redefine healthcare by combining innovative medical treatments with a patient-focused approach in a welcoming, modern clinic. Menu Certifications Services We Offer Gallery Learn About the DPC Model Become a Member Our Staff & Doctors Certifications Services we Offer Med Spa Direct Primary Care Gallery Medical Care & Aesthetics Discounts BECOME A MEMBER LEARN MORE Meet Our Staff & Doctors Kathryn Brokus, DO ▾ I'm Dr. Kathryn Brokus, and I'm here to help you achieve optimal health and wellness through positive lifestyle changes. As an osteopathic physician who trained at Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine, I am deeply committed to harnessing the body's natural ability to heal itself. This philosophy forms the foundation of my approach to patient care. Over the years, I have witnessed the incredible transformations that occur when we provide the body with the right support and guidance. At Examined Life, we understand that achieving optimal health is a journey, and we're here to support you every step of the way. Our focus is on preventive care, emphasizing personalized diet and exercise coaching to help you reach your wellness goals. My goal is to improve your quality of life whether that means treating migraine headaches with Botox , replacing your body’s natural hormones, helping you lose weight with my obesity medicine program, or using osteopathic techniques to promote proper body alignment and prevent injury. But our mission extends beyond physical health. We believe in nourishing the mind and soul as well. That's why we offer opportunities for spiritual and intellectual growth, including engaging book discussions and fellowship activities. I invite you to join us on this journey to vibrant health and well-being. Together, we'll explore the possibilities and empower you to live your best life. Welcome to Examined Life! Christopher Moné Jr., DO ▾ Originally from Clearwater Beach, Florida, I made my way to New England to attend the University of New England College of Osteopathic Medicine. After completing my Internal Medicine training in 2014 in western Massachusetts, I began serving southern Maine and the seacoast of New Hampshire as a hospitalist, providing inpatient care at all levels of acuity, including intensive care. Over the past four years, I have traveled extensively throughout New England and the Midwest, offering medical care to underserved communities. This journey has brought me to Native American reservations and tribes, where I have been honored to be a part of their lives and culture, even if only briefly. Back home, I have had the privilege of working with Dr. Brokus. Our shared dedication to our patients and passion for practicing medicine holistically—in mind, body, and spirit—have always aligned perfectly. I am thrilled to join her again at Examined Life to achieve our professional goals. When I'm not in the office, I love spending time with my wife, Tricia, and our two children, Dominic and Charlotte. Whether we're at home or exploring new destinations, family time is my greatest joy. Dr. Hayley Bell ▾ Dr. Hayley Bell (she/her) is a Chartered Counseling Psychologist in Ireland and a Life Coach in the United States. She earned her Doctorate in Counseling Psychology from Trinity College Dublin in 2021 and specializes in trauma, anxiety, neurodiversity, and relationship challenges. With a strong belief in empathy and advocacy, Dr. Bell provides a compassionate and inclusive approach to mental health support. She has experience working with individuals, couples, and families, offering guidance that is both practical and deeply understanding. Visit Dr. Bell at our wellness center in York, Maine near Portsmouth, NH. Amber Correra, RDH, IPDH ▾ Amber (she/her) is a Registered Dental Hygienist with 18 years of experience in the field, dedicated to helping you achieve optimal oral health through personalized, preventive care. With 27 years in the dental industry, Amber's expertise spans both hygiene and dental assisting, allowing her to provide a comprehensive approach to patient care. She has worked in the specialty areas of cosmetic dentistry, prosthodontics, and periodontology, expanding her knowledge and experience in advanced dental care. Amber is passionate about empowering patients with the knowledge and tools to maintain lasting health through prevention, education, and thoughtful care. During college, Amber worked in a lab testing dental products and served as the Student Dental Hygiene Association President. She remains actively involved in her association, fighting for oral health access in the state of Maine. Amber has chosen to work independently as an example of how dental hygienists shouldn’t just work with dentists to provide people with access to preventive care. Her mission is to be an example of why dental hygienists need full autonomy in providing preventive care, independent of traditional dental office settings. At MindfulHygiene, we believe in more than just cleaning teeth—we focus on preventing future problems and enhancing your overall well-being. Whether it’s through thorough cleanings, preventive treatments, or customized oral health education, Amber is committed to providing compassionate care that meets your unique needs. Amber's mission is to ensure that every patient not only leaves with a healthier smile but also feels informed and supported on their journey to overall wellness. Join her at MindfulHygiene in York, Maine, for a modern, mindful approach to oral care that goes beyond the traditional dental office. Melissa Cantara, BSN-RN ▾ Hello! I'm Melissa Cantara, a nurse injector at Examined Life. In 2010, I earned my Bachelor of Science in Nursing from the University of Southern Maine, officially becoming a Registered Nurse. Throughout my career, I've predominantly worked in hospital settings, contributing to the medical surgical department and serving as a nursing supervisor and informatics nurse. Recently, I've added the role of an elementary school nurse to my repertoire. My dedication to continuous learning and skill enhancement as a nurse is matched by my passion for helping individuals build confidence in their own skin. I find fulfillment in addressing their concerns about appearance and well-being from an external perspective. At Examined Life, we provide a range of services tailored to help you achieve wellness goals and feel self-assured in your skin. From lifestyle and diet coaching to various aesthetic treatments and procedures, we adopt a holistic approach to health and wellness. Outside of work, catch me wholeheartedly cheering on my two children at their sports events, savoring the great outdoors on hikes, and cherishing precious moments with my family and friends. Ariel Alfis, NP ▾ Hello! I'm Ariel Alfis, a Nurse Practitioner at Examined Life. My journey in Nursing began 10+ years ago, after graduating with a Bachelor of Science in Nursing from the University of Maine. Beginning my career as a Registered Nurse, I’ve since gained foundational experience in several diverse settings, including family medicine, medical-surgical nursing, and cardiac step-down. Driven by a passion for holistic care, I’ve furthered my education twice over by earning a Master's degree from Rivier University in Family Medicine and another in Psychiatric Mental Health. I've dedicated my career to supporting individual’s full physical and emotional wellbeing with a caring, supportive and understanding approach. My heartfelt commitment lies in providing patient-centered care and creating a safe, welcoming environment where people can openly share their concerns. Whether I'm supporting someone through mental health challenges, guiding them through treatment options, or helping them feel more confident in themselves, my goal remains the same: to meet each person exactly where they are and help them move toward where they want to be. I’m excited to meet you, on your journey! Ryan Smith, PT ▾ I’ve been practicing as a Physical Therapist in the seacoast area since 2001. My philosophy on patient care is pretty straight forward: Identify the problem, don’t just treat the symptoms. Since graduating from the University of New England in 1997, my treatment strategies have continued to evolve. I’ve had the good fortune to work with some amazing therapists and mentors with differing views, leading me to the conclusion that you can’t simply stick to one methodology. The more tools you have in your toolbox the better. Throughout my career I’ve been captivated by the human body. I’ve spent my career observing people and how subtle changes in movement, usually undetected by patients, over time can result in compensatory issues and pain. Through a combination of musculoskeletal, neurologic, and biomechanical evaluation I work together with patients to create a plan to help them not only feel better, but be better. Treatment: Biomechanical evaluation, IASTM, dry needling, spinal manipulation, postural training, cupping, exercise prescription, functional movement analysis and training. (Coming soon.. Certified bike fitter and cycling rehab) James Turner, MA ▾ Hello! I’m James Turner and I am a CMA at Examined Life! I graduated from the University of North Carolina Wilmington with my Bachelor of Science in Biology and Neuroscience in 2024, with hopes of soon pursuing further education in medical school. My degree in Biology with a pre-med focus helped me to become a medical assistant, where I can now work with patients, gain experience in the medical field, and learn from Dr. Brokus! I am also a certified personal trainer. I’m looking to bring my knowledge of exercises, and human anatomy and physiology to help people with goals oriented around physical health! This includes weight loss, strength training, dieting, and so much more. Outside of the office I am always spending quality time with my friends and family, reading a book at a cozy cafe, working out, or taking my dogs on adventures! In life, I want to make a positive impact on others and am dedicated to doing that here at Examined Life. Matt Bennison, Office Manager ▾ As the backbone of our team, Matt brings a wealth of experience and a passion for innovation to his role as Office Manager. With a background in engineering from his tenure at Pratt and Whitney and Knolls Atomic Power Lab, Matt's transition into overseeing our operations has been seamless, infusing our business with his technical acumen and strategic thinking. A devoted husband and father to an energetic one-year-old daughter, Matt's commitment to excellence extends beyond the workplace. His decision to depart from the world of engineering was driven by a desire to invest more time in his family and to contribute to a business that aligns with his personal values. Matt's expertise in laser therapies is unparalleled, stemming from his deep understanding of the underlying mechanisms at play. His keen insight and analytical mindset allow him to spearhead advancements in this field, ensuring that our patients receive the highest quality care possible. Outside of the office, Matt enjoys spending time with his family, exploring the great outdoors, and consulting for renewable energy start up companies. His dedication to both his professional and personal endeavors serves as an inspiration to us all, embodying the spirit of innovation and commitment that defines our team. We Offer Payment Plans View Financing Join Examined Life View Memberships Serving Patients in the Seacoast area — York, Kittery, Portsmouth, & beyond. Contact Us Mon 9am-5pm Tue 9am-5pm Wed 9am-5pm Thu 9am-5pm Fri 9am-5pm Sat/Sun Closed info@examinedlifellc.com Address 276 US-1 York, Maine 03909 (Near Portsmouth, NH) Email Hours Fax Phone (931) 256-2556 (207) 977-0333 ¡Hablamos español! No es necesario traer un traductor. © 2026 Examined Life, LLC | Privacy Policy | Policies Site by Light Page Creative