Cheryl Clarkson | Founder Of SkinHealth Centers Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 Book Now | Schedule Consultation Menu Home About About Us Cheryl Clarkson Daniel Townsend, MD Meet The Team Reviews Injectables BOTOX BOTOX for Neckbands Dermal Fillers Kybella Lip Fillers Micro-Injections Sculptra SKINVIVE Skin Rejuvenation Dermaplaning Ultherapy Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing IPL Photofacial Collagen Induction (Microneedling) RF Skin Tightening RF Microneedling PRP Face Bridal Beauty Services Chemical Peels Facials Microdermabrasion Neferfit Neck Lift Ozempic Face Permanent Makeup Threadlifts Hydrasonic Skin Therapy Eyelids Body Body Contouring & Skin Tightening Cellulite Reduction Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal VI Body Peel Hair PRP/PRF Hair Restoration Gallery Injectables Next Skin Rejuvenation Next Body Next Face Next Hair Next Back Botox & Wrinkle Relaxers Dermal Fillers Lip Filler Kybella Back Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing Microneedling Skin Tightening Back Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal Back Threadlifts Blepharoplasty Back PRP Hair Restoration Products Resources Patient Resources Buy Gift Card Financing Ask Cheryl (Articles) Specials Media Employment Opportunities Locations Boston Andover Location Wellesley Hills Contact Schedule Your Consultation Book Now Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 7814048740 Stay connected: facebook instagram youtube Cheryl Clarkson Meet Cheryl Clarkson Home About Us Cheryl Clarkson A Message from the Founder Cheryl Clarkson My Inspiration to found SkinHealth was my sister. We opened our first SkinHealth™ Centers in early 1999 to serve the patients of dermatologists and plastic surgeons. SkinHealth Centers are currently located in Boston and Wellesley and we are proud to be affiliated with the leading cosmetic surgeons throughout New England. I founded SkinHealth Centers for a personal reason: a mission to find a cure for malignant melanoma. That mission has opened up many other paths to helping our clients achieve fresh, vibrant skin at every stage of their life. We now offer an extensive array of skin care services and are affiliated with New England’s premiere physicians in cosmetic medicine. Risks of Sun Exposure In the past fifteen years, we have educated thousands of women and men about how to protect their skin from the damaging effects of the sun and achieve glowing, healthy-looking skin through the regular use of high-quality effective skin care products. Radiation from the sun is responsible for aging us prematurely (photoaging) by causing rough texture, fine lines and wrinkles, brown spots, and a loss of elasticity in the skin. Nobody is immune to these damaging rays; the damage is cumulative, so even sitting near a window will expose you to UVA and UVB radiation. Read more about Sunscreen Facts or view of Sunscreen Facts Patient Video. Malignant Melanoma However, there is another, more serious, risk of sun exposure: skin cancer. One form of skin cancer, malignant melanoma, can be very deadly. This cancer strikes people of all ages and once it advances, the chances of survival are low. Many other young women and men are diagnosed each day. To make matters worse, the ozone layer in the atmosphere is becoming thinner, which means that today we are exposed to more damaging rays than our parents and grandparents were; melanoma is now the faster-growing form of cancer in the world. I have experienced this firsthand; I lost my only sibling, my sister, and my best friend, to this terrible cancer. For this reason, a portion of all sales of SkinHealthTM sunscreen products is set aside for research on treatments for malignant melanoma. SkinHealth Sunscreens SkinHealth offers a complete line of highly effective sun protection products for the skin. They utilize the highest quality ingredients and have no added color or fragrance. We are devoted to constantly updating the line with the newest, most effective mechanisms to protect our customers from the ravaging effects of the sun. I am very proud that an independent panel of dermatologists hired by Health Magazine, selected SkinHealth’s sunscreen as the Best! SkinHealth Anti-aging products My studies into the effects of the sun’s radiation led me to another related interest: combating the aging effects of the sun. I have studied the mechanisms of aging skin and the chemicals, compounds and biologics that could retard and, in some cases, reverse photoaging. Modern science has given us new tools and ingredients with which to fight the ravaging effects of UV radiation and sun damage. There have been some very exciting discoveries on the anti-aging effects of topical antioxidant vitamins and enzymes. What is important is not just the ingredients, but the form and purity of these ingredients and the concentration. Our Facial Nutrition line contains carefully chosen ingredients, such as green tea extract, liposomal vitamins A, E, and C, and CoEnzyme Q10 along with other trusted ingredients to impart needed nourishment to the skin. Our Vital CTM (Vitamin C) and Vital TTM (Green tea) products contain amazing anti-oxidant properties. We are very proud of our SkinHealth Retinol Cream which uses advanced technology to deliver retinal into the skin which helps to stimulate the production of new collagen cells, revitalize skin elasticity and help to reduce fine lines and wrinkles. Unfortunately, we have constantly been bombarded with hype about “miracle” ingredients. Many of these claims are untested and unfounded. In other cases, products boast that they contain the “right” ingredients, but they are in such a weak concentration that they will not be as effective as desired. At SkinHealth we strive to educate our customers and cut through the hype to offer products that have clinical and scientific merit. Younger-looking, healthier skin is achievable with regular use of high-quality products with the proper concentrations of ingredients proven to protect the skin, help skin repair itself, fight damage caused by the sun, and provide needed nourishment and moisture. I look forward to seeing you in our SkinHealth Centers, and I hope you enjoy using our SkinHealthTM products at home. Sincerely, Cheryl L. Clarkson President and CEO A look inside / Before & After Patient Gallery Visit Our Photo Gallery Seeing is believing Real Patients Real Reviews 5 Star Review Every aspect of my visit was exceptional. The check-in person was friendly, professional, and efficient. The doctor was keenly focused on my concerns, patient with my questions (I had many), and knowledgeable and he clearly articulated our plan of action to remediate my issues. – Patrick 5 Star Review I felt really comfortable at my first appointment. Everyone was really nice and I felt very supported. The office was really easy to get to. Parking on the street was not a problem for my Saturday appointment. – Doreen 5 Star Review Dr. Dan is the Botox Man. I recently had threading done as well & I couldn’t be happier with my experience. He and his staff made me feel comfortable and at home. They work together to make sure you have the best experience possible. I look forward to my next appointment. – Daniele 5 Star Review Dr. Townsend is so down to earth so kind, so good-natured and has a playful fun personality, and is so easy to talk with and his wife Cheryl is (his counterpart ) exactly like that! They both are extremely intelligent, down to earth, lovely, kind warm, patient, and informative. They truly share so much of the process and put you at ease. – Skyla My Inspiration to found SkinHealth was my sister.” Cheryl Clarkson, Founder Schedule Your Consultation Skinhealth Centers Resources Patient Resources In the Media Fees & Financing Specials Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 © 2026 SkinHealth, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Website Design & Seo by MRKTMADE Privacy Policy | TOS | Sitemap Call Email Book Now