Peak Aesthetics 0 Skip to Content About Services Botox/Dysport Chemical Peels Collagen Induction Therapy (Microneedling) Dermaplaning Facials Frax Laser Skin Resurfacing Hands, Neck, & Chest Rejuvenation IPL Photo Rejuvenation Kybella Laser Hair Removal Lashes and Brows Lip & Cheek Filler (Dermal Filler) Light & Bright Laser Treatment Radiofrequency Microneedling with Matrix Pro Sublative Radiofrequency (RF) Teen Skin Support Teeth Whitening Vitamin B12 Injections Weight Management Wedding Prep Zo Skin Health Concerns Acne Acne Scars Brown Spots Dry Skin Double Chin Fine Lines and Wrinkles Hands, Neck, & Chest Rejuvenation Lashes and Brows Loose Skin Low Energy Melasma Redness Rough Skin Texture Scar Reduction Skin Care Thinning Lashes TMJ Relief Unwanted Hair Weight Management Unsure where to start? Payment Consultations Memberships Shop Contact Book Now Open Menu Close Menu About Services Botox/Dysport Chemical Peels Collagen Induction Therapy (Microneedling) Dermaplaning Facials Frax Laser Skin Resurfacing Hands, Neck, & Chest Rejuvenation IPL Photo Rejuvenation Kybella Laser Hair Removal Lashes and Brows Lip & Cheek Filler (Dermal Filler) Light & Bright Laser Treatment Radiofrequency Microneedling with Matrix Pro Sublative Radiofrequency (RF) Teen Skin Support Teeth Whitening Vitamin B12 Injections Weight Management Wedding Prep Zo Skin Health Concerns Acne Acne Scars Brown Spots Dry Skin Double Chin Fine Lines and Wrinkles Hands, Neck, & Chest Rejuvenation Lashes and Brows Loose Skin Low Energy Melasma Redness Rough Skin Texture Scar Reduction Skin Care Thinning Lashes TMJ Relief Unwanted Hair Weight Management Unsure where to start? Payment Consultations Memberships Shop Contact Book Now Open Menu Close Menu About Folder: Services Back Botox/Dysport Chemical Peels Collagen Induction Therapy (Microneedling) Dermaplaning Facials Frax Laser Skin Resurfacing Hands, Neck, & Chest Rejuvenation IPL Photo Rejuvenation Kybella Laser Hair Removal Lashes and Brows Lip & Cheek Filler (Dermal Filler) Light & Bright Laser Treatment Radiofrequency Microneedling with Matrix Pro Sublative Radiofrequency (RF) Teen Skin Support Teeth Whitening Vitamin B12 Injections Weight Management Wedding Prep Zo Skin Health Folder: Concerns Back Acne Acne Scars Brown Spots Dry Skin Double Chin Fine Lines and Wrinkles Hands, Neck, & Chest Rejuvenation Lashes and Brows Loose Skin Low Energy Melasma Redness Rough Skin Texture Scar Reduction Skin Care Thinning Lashes TMJ Relief Unwanted Hair Weight Management Unsure where to start? Payment Consultations Memberships Shop Contact Book Now Empowering Beauty Treatments Waterville, Maine Education. Precision. Integrity. Helping you feel beautiful & youthful. At Peak Aesthetics, every treatment is grounded in advanced anatomical education and a commitment to natural, balanced results. We take a consultation-first approach, focusing on safety, thoughtful planning, and long-term facial integrity. • Advanced aesthetic training through DCCM Academy • Hands-on cadaver lab anatomy education • Ongoing advanced clinical education and mentorship • Personalized, comprehensive treatment planning We invite you to browse our services on our website, and when you’re ready, schedule a consultation to discuss your beauty and wellness goals. Book Now Our Services Rejuvenate your skin. Choose from our array of services to achieve your healthiest glow, reduce and prevent signs of aging, address acne concerns, diminish dark spots, plump your lips, improve your overall wellness, or address any concerns you may have. Book Now Injectables Neuromodulators and dermal filler designed for natural facial balance. Laser & Energy-Based Treatments Advanced technology for pigmentation, redness, texture, tightening, and skin rejuvenation. Advanced Skin Health Medical-grade skincare, corrective facials, and customized skin treatments. Metabolic & Weight Management Program Medically guided weight loss program using GLP-1 medications. Wellness Services Supportive treatments designed to enhance overall aesthetic outcomes. "As a National Trainer in cosmetic medicine, I have the privilege of mentoring an array of dedicated professionals, each bringing their unique strengths and passion to the field. Among these talented individuals, Stephanie from Peak Aesthetics stands out for her exceptional dedication to advancing her skills and knowledge. Her unwavering diligence and commitment to patient safety are commendable, reflecting a deep understanding and respect for the intricacies of aesthetic medicine. Stephanie’s approach to her practice is a testament to the importance of continued education in our ever-evolving industry. Her eagerness to learn and adapt to the latest advancements is not just about enhancing her technical skills; it’s about ensuring her patients receive the most effective and safe treatments. This dedication is what sets Stephanie apart and makes her practice, Peak Aesthetics, a model of excellence in patient care. Observing Stephanie’s professional growth has been a genuine honor. Her journey is a brilliant example of how dedication to learning and patient safety can shape a practitioner into a leading figure in aesthetic medicine. " Tara Delle Chiaie, Nurse Practitioner, Owner of Delle Chiaie Cosmetic Medicine, PLLC, & DCCM Academy, LLC "Steph is a kind, caring and down to earth professional that teaches you how to take care of your skin. She will make you look and feel your very best!" Heather H “I love Peak Aesthetics. The atmosphere, cleanliness, and Stephanie is awesome! She’s very detailed, listens to what you want to achieve with your skin/face, and gives recommendations. Stephanie always talks to you in great detail about the procedures you are interested in and what you will be experiencing. I trust Steph completely and know that I am in very good hands when I go for my treatments. I love getting pampered by her :) Erika G "Stephanie makes me feel at ease with her knowledge and kindness. She has created a warm, calming and beautiful space for her clients, which makes it easy to relax and let her do her magic!" Melody B "Stephanie is extremely knowledgeable and really makes me feel comfortable! I always enjoy my appointments with her!" Chelsey T Not sure where to get started? Schedule a skin consult to talk with Stephanie about your skincare goals. We’ll create a personalized plan for you, a timeline, and align your goals with upcoming events such as weddings. Consultation fees are credited toward any service or product purchase made during your visit. Schedule a Skin Consult Buy a Gift Card Share the love Buy Now Recognitions Sign up with your email address to receive special offers, news and updates. Email Address Sign Up Thank you! 325C Kennedy Memorial Drive Waterville, Maine 04901 207-649-4370 View Our Polic ies View Website Privacy Policy Web Design by Courtney Sirois Photos by T.Dow Photography