The Consultation | Plastic Surgery Center & Spa Accessibility Tools Skip to main content (207) 213-1867 Home About Meet Dr. Hazboun Our Facility Our Staff The Consultation Testimonials Reviews Media Blog Articles Videos Face Facelift Rhinoplasty Neck Lift Brow Lift Eyelid Lift Chin Implant Ear Surgery Breast Breast Augmentation Breast Implant Options Breast Lift Breast Reduction Breast Revision Gynecomastia Body Liposuction Tummy Tuck Mommy Makeover Brazilian Butt Lift Thigh Lift Arm Lift Body Lift Buttock Lift Labiaplasty Men Liposuction for Men Tummy Tuck for Men Facelift for Men Rhinoplasty for Men Eyelid Lift for Men Gynecomastia NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Hair NeoGraft Hair Restoration PRP Hair Restoration Nutrafol Non-Surgical IV Hydration Injectables BOTOX Cosmetic Dysport Juvéderm Radiesse Restylane SkinVive™ Lip Augmentation with Juvéderm Kybella Facial Rejuvenation Microneedling with PRP ReSmooth IPL Dermaplaning Diamond Glow CoolPeel Microblading Ombre/Powdered Brows Combo Brows Lip Blushing Lash Enhancement Eyelash Extensions Body Treatments Avéli Cellulite Reduction Laser Hair Removal Spider Vein Removal Back Facial V-Shot Skin ZO Skin Health Latisse SkinMedica Spa Gallery Resources FAQ Patient Portal Patient Forms Services Financing Specials COVID Protocol Virtual Consultation (207) 213-1867 Contact The Consultation Home About The Consultation Once you have made the decision to have cosmetic treatments, you want to be sure that you feel comfortable with the physician and practice you have selected. Customizing Care to Fit Your Unique Needs You will ultimately base your final decision solely on your own set of established priorities and goals. As an individual, your needs are specific and particular to your situation. Understanding this, we at Plastic Surgery Center customize our consultations to your desired need. Visualizing Results and Building Trust from the Start Within this process, our Patient Care Coordinator will provide you with additional information about the procedure(s) and, equally as important, allow you to become familiar with our team and us with you. Dr. Hazboun will also examine you, learn about your concerns and goals, discuss your particular case, listen, educate and support you in making your decision, with an informative process that includes a thorough discussion of available options, while answering any questions you may have. In addition to discussing your cosmetic procedures in descriptive terms, the doctors will provide examples of other patients’ results to help you visually see possible solutions. Ready to Take the Next Step? Schedule Your Consultation Your consultation will include a discussion of your treatment plan, which will include costs and financial policies if double-board-certified plastic surgeon Dr. Hazboun determines that you are a good candidate for the procedure(s). To discover how cosmetic procedures can improve your appearance, confidence, and total outlook on life, please call our office today at (207) 213-1867 to schedule your confidential consultation. Schedule a Consultation Contact Us Home About Face Breast Body Men Hair Non-Surgical Gallery Resources (207) 213-1867 Contact Us (207) 213-1867 Contact Us 1685 Congress St. #301 Portland, ME 04102 (207) 213-1867 Social 4.9 Stars 445 Reviews © Maine Plastic Surgery. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Digital Marketing & Design by Studio 3 Marketing ® (opens in a new tab) Accessibility: If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at (207) 775-1933 . Contact Us