Dr. Alexander Slocum | New Hampshire's Best Plastic Surgeon Portsmouth, NH (603) 956-6059 Schedule Consultation Online Booking Menu Face Brow Lift Buccal Fat Removal Chin & Neck Liposuction Chin Surgery Earlobe Surgery Eyelid Surgery Facelift Facial Fat Grafting Lip Lift Neck Lift Otoplasty Ozempic Face Revision Rhinoplasty Rhinoplasty Body Arm Lift Body Lift Brazilian Butt Lift Calf Augmentation Labiaplasty Liposuction Mole Removal Mommy Makeover Scar Rejuvenation Thigh Lift Tummy Tuck Zepbound® Weight Management MOHS Surgery Hand Reconstruction Breast Breast Augmentation Breast Augmentation + Lift Breast Augmentation Fat Transfer Breast Implant Removal Breast Implant Revision Breast Lift Breast Reconstruction Breast Reduction Top Surgery Male Calf Implants Gynecomastia Pectoral Augmentation (Implants) Medspa BBL Hero (IPL PhotoFacial) BOTOX & Other Neuromodulators Chemical Peel Dermal Fillers HydraFacial Laser Skin Resurfacing Liquid Rhinoplasty Radiesse Topical Skin Care Sofwave Skin Rejuvenation Zepbound® Weight Management Common Concerns About About The Practice Alexander Slocum, M.D. P.h.D. Meet The Team Model Search Gallery Body Next Breast Next Face Next Back Abdominoplasty Arm Lift Fat Grafting to Body Liposuction Panniculectomy Thigh Lift Back Breast Augmentation Breast Augmentation + Lift Breast Augmentation w/ Fat Grafting Breast Implant Revision Breast Lift Breast Reduction Back Blepharoplasty Brow Lift Buccal Fat Removal Facelift Fat Grafting to Face Lip Lift Neck Liposuction Revision Rhinoplasty Rhinoplasty Rhinoplasty For Men Resources Patient Resources Insurance Payment Options Out of Town Patients Shop ZO Skin Nutrafol Specials Membership Contact Us Newsletter Seacoast Plastic Surgery logo – click to home page (603) 956-6059 100 Borthwick Ave, Suite 220 Portsmouth, NH 03801 Dr. Alexander Slocum Meet the Surgeon Your browser does not support the video tag. Home About Meet The Doctor Meet the Surgeon Alexander Slocum, MD, PhD, FACS Alexander Slocum, Jr, MD, PhD, FACS, is a board-certified plastic and reconstructive surgeon. A New Hampshire native, Dr Slocum obtained his bachelor’s, master’s, and doctoral degrees in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). His PhD thesis was on the design of a rolling-contact knee joint, and he holds several patents related to machine and medical device design. After meeting his exceedingly talented wife at MIT, he attended medical school at the Joan C. Edwards School of Medicine at Marshall University in her home state of West Virginia. The pair then returned to New England and Dr Slocum completed a general surgery internship at the Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston. Following his internship, Dr Slocum moved to Wisconsin where he completed an integrated plastic surgery residency. After returning to New Hampshire, Dr Slocum successfully earned his board certification and then established Seacoast Plastic Surgery and Medical Aesthetics. Dr Slocum is also an established craftsman with a keen eye for detail after years of woodworking and metalworking. He enjoys weightlifting, snowboarding, and the general chaos that comes with raising three children. He is continuously searching for the perfect dad joke, so feel free to bring a favorite to your consultation! Experience Medical Training & Experience BS, MS, and PhD – Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) MD – Marshall University Joan C. Edwards School of Medicine Intern, General Surgery – Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery (Integrated) – Medical College of Wisconsin Getting to Know Dr. Slocum How did your background in mechanical engineering influence your approach to plastic and reconstructive surgery? Both are fields where you have to master how to analyze situations and solve problems using basic principles. Learning to apply fundamentals to a wide range of different situations is challenging, but extremely powerful once mastered. In engineering, for example, understanding physics and how materials interact with one another; in Plastic Surgery this means knowing Anatomy and how to handle tissues so as not to compromise the blood supply. Can you share a pivotal moment or experience during your residency that shaped your career as a plastic surgeon? Doing my first digital replant (re-attaching fingers) as a chief resident, from start to finish. It was the summer and the middle of the night, and we had spent most of the weekend dealing with other traumas. A finger amputation came in on Sunday evening and my Junior resident and I took the patient to the operating room and re-attached the finger. It was in a young woman and I received a message from her some months later where she had made a wonderful recovery. It was a humbling experience; looking at the photo of a finger that I had re-attached made the previously abstract notion that I was becoming a surgeon into a reality for me. What do you find most fulfilling about combining your engineering expertise with surgical precision in your work? Problem solving, and helping to educate my patients. One of the biggest challenges in surgery is explaining to patients the different options for surgery. As an engineer, I am pretty good at drawing parallels between surgical techniques and real-world situations so that they are easy to understand. For example, I saw a patient who was bitten by a dog last year and it tore off a big chunk of her nose. While discussing the options for reconstruction, I explained that I needed to replace the three different layers of the nose (skin, cartilage, and mucosa) in order to restore proper function. Her fiancee was a general contractor, and when I explained it was similar to the walls of a house with the exterior siding (skin), wooden structure (cartilage) and drywall/pain (mucosa), they almost immediately “got” what I was trying to explain to them. How do you approach patient care differently, given your unique educational and professional background? I strongly value patient education, and often times this just means listening to patients and asking questions to better understand their baseline knowledge. Once I can “get inside their head” I can connect them with the procedures or interventions that are most likely going to get them the result(s) they want. I will discuss as much of the deeper technical aspects of a surgery or procedure with the patients as they want. Can you describe a challenging case that highlighted the intersection of engineering principles and surgical innovation? The hardest case I’ve ever done was a revision Rhinoplasty on a young woman who had had three previous rhinoplasty surgeries (this was a quaternary revision). I have done a fair number of revisions for a surgeon this early in my career, partly because the area where I work doesn’t have a dedicated Rhinoplasty specialist. I opened her nose and all of her normal cartilage framework was destroyed; it was fairly intimidating for a second or two and then I just got to work taking everything apart carefully to preserve what structures were still intact, removing scar tissue, and then falling back onto fundamentals. Keeping things simple and restoring normal anatomy is only possible if you truly understand surgical principles and know what the anatomy should look like. One of the reasons why Rhinoplasty is so challenging is that you have to put things together in such a way that will achieve the result the patient wants, but also anticipates how they will heal, as well as how things might deform as scar tissue sets in. My engineering background and experience working with various different materials helps me anticipate cartilage deformations and How does your passion for continuous learning and innovation translate into the services you offer at Seacoast Plastic Surgery? Evidence. Based. Medicine. Everything we offer is backed by evidence showing that it works (if the patient is a good candidate and treatment is delivered properly…). We don’t offer certain treatments (like PDO threads) because there is no evidence that they provide lasting benefit and while they do “help” a little bit in the short term, the cost to the patient and the results that can be achieved are not comparable to other treatments. Woodworking and welding are significant interests of yours. How do these hobbies influence your approach? Woodworking is something I love and have been doing since I was a teenager; I learned to weld during college (both MIG and TiG) but I haven’t done that for several years. Woodworking requires a not insignificant amount of creativity and vision, but also some humility knowing that you can’t “hope” something will work. Also, measure twice, sometimes maybe a third time, then cut once. This same principle applies in surgery. Can you share a project from your woodworking endeavors that you found particularly rewarding or challenging? ( the boat?) While we were still dating, I made my wife a jewelry box complete with dove-tails and a moving ring-tray integrated into the lid. Took me several weeks, multiple failed attempts to get the dovetails right (I was still learning), and lots of patience to get things squared up. I also had to learn how to true up brass hardware to support the tray. How has being an artist, both in surgery and in your hobbies, influenced your perspective on aesthetics? Attention to detail. Being self-critical. If it doesn’t look right in the operating room, do whatever you can to fix it and make it look right before letting the patient leave because it won’t heal and look any better than it did on the table. I’ve seen a few patients who came in How do you balance your professional commitments with family life and your personal interests in woodworking, weightlifting, and parenting? I will not compromise patient care, which sometimes takes some planning and also sacrifices in terms of timing for things like family trips and weekends (i.e. I can’t do surgery the day before we leave for a week). However, if it’s the evening or weekend and my kids ask me to stop working and do something with them, my rule is generally to say yes and figure out the work stuff later. I also try to share my hobbies with them; for example both of my daughters can do a pullup on their own, and my son is getting pretty close. I also have a few projects that I still need to complete for my wife, namely some picture frames, a bookshelf, and a bed for the youngest. Think of it like a lego set: every few days you do a couple of steps and put a few bricks together at a time, and eventually the whole thing is built! How do you want your patients and potential clients to perceive you when they read about your practice and expertise? I want patients to feel confident that when they come to Seacoast Plastic Surgery they will get a world-class experience, we will answer their questions truthfully and honestly, and “give it to them straight” in terms of what treatments and procedures will help them achieve their goals. If they are not a candidate for surgery or their goals are unreasonable, we will tell them also also educate them as to why. Also, I have had some patients worry that I was offended when they told me they went to another surgeon after visiting with me and got a second opinion. This is further from the truth for two reasons: #1, if the other surgeon says the same thing that I did, great! #2, if the other surgeon says something different, then there is an opportunity for me to either learn something, or for us to discuss why that may or may not be a good alternative option for the patient. Additionally, if someone wants more information on the details behind a specific procedure or practice (such as staging something like an augmentation/mastopexy) I will offer them detailed technical information in the form of peer-reviewed journal articles from the literature. This is the same way I make my own informed decisions as a surgeon, and I feel that patients have just as much right to see and read this information even though they may have trouble understanding it. This creates an opportunity for us to review the information together and facilitate further discussion. What key message do you hope to convey to your audience about your approach to plastic surgery? I strive to help every patient achieve natural-looking, long-lasting results. If it’s done right, then no one else will know! How important is patient trust and communication in your practice, and how do you work to establish and maintain it? Be honest at all times, and treat patients the way I would want to be treated. If I (or my staff) make a mistake, then I will admit it and take responsibility for it. I am not infallible and most importantly, if a patient’s result is affected then I want to have the opportunity to make it right. Patient satisfaction is the most important thing to me and this includes “getting it right” in terms of the result they are looking for. What qualities or values do you believe are most important for your patients to understand about you as a surgeon and a person? Preparedness, anticipation, technical skill, passion, and honesty. I absolutely love what I do and as part of that I am uncompromising in my commitment to delivering a quality result every time. What music do you listen to, how does it inspire you? Everything; in the OR, I usually listen to either 80s classic rock, or Classical (Mozart, Beethoven, Haydn, Brahms, Bach, Rachmaninov, Tchaikosvky, Shostakovich, Wagner, whatever else Pandora comes up with….). In some cases (when the nursing staff let me) I put on some old-school country like Johnny Cash, Merle Haggard, Waylon Jennings, Sturgill Simpson, Luke Bell, Colter Wall, Charley Crockett. I wouldn’t say that music “inspires” me, but it does help me achieve a “flow state” in the OR and get locked-in. This most frequently happens with Classical, so for something like a facelift or a Rhinoplasty I will generally listen to Classical; for shorter cases its 80s rock or country. Training 2 Education 4 Academic Fellowships 1 Lectures 12 Peer-Reviewed Journal Publications 12 Oral Presentations 8 Peer-Reviewed Conference Publications 12 Patents 6 Regulatory 3 Awards 7 Professional Certifications 1 State Medical Licenses 2 Society Memberships 5 Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery (Integrated) – Medical College of Wisconsin Internship, General Surgery – Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School MD, Marshall University School of Medicine, Huntington, WV PhD, Mechanical Engineering, MIT, Cambridge, MA SM, Mechanical Engineering, MIT, Cambridge, MA SB, Mechanical Engineering, MIT, Cambridge, MA CIMIT/MIT Medical Engineering Fellow “Vascular Injuries and Compartment Syndrome in the Upper Extremity”, PRH EMS Cont. Ed, 8/2022 “Intro to the Hand Exam for Primary Care Physicians”, HCA Family Medicine Resident Lecture, 2/2022 “Breast Augmentation: Technology and Clinical Practice”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 4/2021 “Management of Ballistic Injuries to the Face”, MCW Inter-departmental Facial Trauma Conference, 5/2020 “Chest Wall Reconstruction”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Grounds, 2/2020 “Congenital Anomalies: Clefts and Craniofacial Conditions”, Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 11/2018 “Medical Device Innovation”, Pediatric Device Innovation Meeting, Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin, 9/2018 “Small Bone Fractures of the Upper Extremity”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 9/2018 “Upper Extremity Vascular Disorders & Compartment Syndrome”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 5/2018 “Ultrasonic Wound Debridement”, MCW Plastic Surgery Research Conference, 3/2018 “Scalp and Forehead Reconstruction”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 1/2018 “Evaluation of Successful Placement of an Intraosseous Catheter using an External Placement Guide”, Research Conference, 5/17/2016; Trauma Service, Department Surgery, Brigham and Women’s Hospital Kwon AH, Slocum Jr AH, Varelmann D, Nabdzyk CSG, “Rapidly scalable mechanical ventilator for the COVID-19 pandemic”, Intensive Care Medicine (2020) 46:1642-1644. Slocum Jr AH, Reinitz, S. D., Jariwala, S. H., Van Citters, D. W., “Design, Development, and Validation of an intraosseous needle placement guide”. J Med Devices. Dec 2017, 11(4):041009. Slocum Jr AH, Cervantes, T. M., Seldin, E. B., Varanasi, K. K., “Analysis and Design of Rolling-Contact Joints for Evaluating Bone Plate Performance”. Medical Engineering & Physics, September 2012, Vol. 34:7, pp. 1009-18. Slocum, Jr., A. H., Duffley, S. C., Moreu, J., Watral, A., Spiegel, J. E., Slocum, A. H., “Design, Manufacture, and Testing of the EasyCuffTM Pressure Measuring Syringe”, J Med Devices, Sep 2012, 6:3, pp. 031008-1-7. A. H. Slocum, Jr., A. H. Slocum, J. E. Spiegel, “Design and In Vitro Testing of a Pressure-Sensing Syringe for Endotracheal Tube Cuffs”. Anesth Analg May 2012 114(5):967-971. Cervantes, T. M., Slocum, Jr., A. H., Seldin, E. B., “Design and Experimental Evaluation of Adjustable Bone Plates for Mandibular Fracture Fixation”. Journal of Biomechanics, January 2012, Vol 45:1, pp. 172-178. Slocum, Jr., A. H., Culpepper, M. L., “Design of a Low-Cost, Precision Belt-Drive Machine for High-Throughput Nanomanufacturing”. Precision Engineering, January 2012, Vol. 36:1, pp. 55-69. R. Ma, A. H. Slocum, Jr., E. Sung, M. L. Culpepper, J. F. Bean, “Torque Measurement with Compliant Mechanisms”. Accepted for publication in the ASME Journal of Mechanical Design, September 26, 2011. Slocum, Jr., A. H., Saha, S. K., Culpepper, M. L., “Metric Mapping: A New Method to Aid in the Design of Nanomanufacturing Systems”. International Journal of Nanomanufacturing, 2011, Vol. 7:2, pp. 143-157. E. Sung, A. H. Slocum, Jr., R. Ma, J. F. Bean, M. L. Culpepper, “Design of an Ankle Rehabilitation Device Using Compliant Mechanisms”. ASME Journal of Medical Devices, March 2011, Vol. 5, No. 1, pp. 1-7. A. H. Slocum, Jr., W. R. Bosworth, A. Mazumdar, M. A. Saez, M. L. Culpepper, R. A. Levine, “Design of a Catheter- Based Device for Performing Percutaneous Chordal-Cutting Procedures”. ASME Journal of Medical Devices, June 2009, Vol. 3, No. 2, pp. 025001-1 – 025001-8. A. H. Slocum, Jr., S. E. Jones, R. Gupta, “Design of a Calibration Phantom for Measuring the Temporal Resolution of a Tomographic Imaging Device”. ASME Journal of Medical Devices, September 2007, Vol. 1, No. 3, pp. 225-232. Slocum Jr AH, Moore AV, Gray LN, “Inframammary fold vs. Periareolar incisions for augmentation mammoplasty”, virtual presentation during the Senior Residents Conference at the American Society of Plastic Surgeons Annual Meeting, October 2021 (Virtual, pre-recorded). Linehan AR, Slocum Jr, AH, Hettinger PC, “Surgical Treatment of Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumors: A 10 year Review”, Midwestern Association of Plastic Surgeons, Lake Geneva, WI, May 3-5, 2019. Barcikowski, J., Opalenik, C. S., Williams, C., Slocum, Jr., A. H., Ma, R., Bean, J. F., “Reliability and Validity of avNew Device Measuring Ankle Strength and Power”. Presented at the Annual Meeting of the Association of Academic Physiatrists, Las Vegas, NV, February 28 – March 3, 2012. AH Slocum, Jr., A. T. Paxson, A.-T. Akono, E. Blough, K. K. Varanasi, “Nano-Structured Contoured Porous Coatings for Orthopaedic Implants”. Presented at the Fall 2011 meeting of the Material Research Society in Boston, MA, December 2nd, 2011. A. H. Slocum, Jr., S. C. Duffley, J. Moreu, A. Watral, J. E. Spiegel, A. H. Slocum, “Design of a Pressure Measuring Syringe”, Presented at the Design of Medical Devices Conference in Minneapolis, MN, April 13-15 2010. Slocum, Jr., A. H. and Culpepper, M. L., “Design of a Precision Transfer Line for Dip-Pen Nanolithography”. 24th annual meeting of the American Society of Precision Engineers, October 4-9, 2009, Monterey, CA. A. H. Slocum, Jr., W. R. Bosworth, A. Mazumdar, M. A. Saez, M. L. Culpepper, R. A. Levine, “Design of a Catheter- Based Device for Performing Percutaneous Chordal-Cutting Procedures”. ASME Design of Medical Devices Conference, April 13-16, 2009, Minneapolis, MN. A. H. Slocum, Jr., S. E. Jones, R. Gupta, “Temporal Modulation Transfer Function: A New Method for Characterizing Temporal Resolution of a CT Scanner”. 93rd Annual Meeting of the Radiological Society of North America, 11/27/07. Linehan AR, Slocum AH, Lineberry KD, Schurman A, Hackbarth D, King D, Neilson JC, Logiudice JA, Matloub HS, Hettinger PC, “Surgical Treatment of Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumors: a 10 Year Review”, Accepted to the American Association of Hand Surgery Annual Meeting, January 8-11, 2020, Ft. Lauderdale, FL. Carpenter NJ, Whitlock RH, Slocum Jr AH, Lineberry KD, Hoben GH, “Leech Therapy for Digital Replants and Revascularizations: Anticipating Transfusion needs”; Presented at the 74th Annual Meeting of the American Society for Surgery of the Hand, Las Vegas, NV, September 5-7, 2019. Slocum, Jr., A. H., El Khoury, J., Goodman, D. H., Varanasi, K. K., “Enhancing Orthopaedic Joint Lubrication Using Synovial Fluid Impregnated Super-Wetting Porous Coatings”. Poster Presentation at the 2014 Annual Meeting of the Orthopaedic Research Society, New Orleans, LA, March 15-18, 2014. Cervantes, T. M., Slocum, Jr., A. H., Gupta, R., Seldin, E. B., “In Vitro Tests Utilizing an Adjustable Bone Plate”. Presented at the 2013 Annual Meeting of the American Society for Biomechanics, Omaha, NE, Sept 4-7, 2013. Slocum, Jr., A. H., Herder, J. L.,, Varanasi, K. K., “Biomechanical Design of Rolling Contact Knee Joint Prostheses”. Presented at 2012 Annual Meeting of the American Society for Biomechanics, Gainesville, FL, August 15-18, 2012. Cervantes, T. M., Slocum, Jr., A. H., Seldin, E. B., “Deterministic Adjustable Bone Plate Design”. Presented at the 2012 ASME Design of Medical Devices Conference, Minneapolis, MN, April 10-12, 2012. A. H. Slocum, Jr., A. D. Jagannath, T. Waagen, A. K. Agnihotri, R. A. Levine, “A Pulsatile-Flow Model for Intra- Cardiac Surgical Device Development”. Presented at the 10th ASME Design of Medical Devices Conference I Minneapolis, MN, April 12th-14th, 2011. Joan Spiegel, M.D., Alex Slocum, Jr., B.S., Alex Slocum, Sr., PhD. “Measuring Endotracheal-Tube Cuff Pressure: An Integrated, In-Line Pressure-Measuring Syringe”. Proceedings of the 105th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Anesthesiologists, San Diego, California October 16-20, 2010. S. K. Saha, C.M. DiBiasio, A. H. Slocum, Jr., A. Watral, and M.L. Culpepper, “Precision equipment and tools that enable practical probe-based nanomanufacturing”, 10th International Conference of the European Society for Precision Engineering and Nanotechnology. Delft, Netherlands, June 2010. R. Ma, A. H. Slocum, Jr., E. Sung, M. L. Culpepper, J. F. Bean, “Ankle-Rehabilitation via Compliant Mechanisms”, Presented at the Design of Medical Devices Conference in Minneapolis, MN, April 13-15 2010. A. H. Slocum, Jr., S. E. Jones, R. Gupta, “Design of a Calibration Phantom for Measuring the Temporal Resolution of a Tomographic Imaging Device”. Presented at Scientific Poster Session of the Design of Medical Devices Conference, April 15-17, 2008, Minneapolis, MN. J. K. White, A. H. Slocum Jr., A. K. Agnihotri, D. F. Torchiana, “Direct Cardiac Compression Using Helical Bands” (video and manuscript). The Proceedings of the International Society for Minimally Invasive Cardiothoracic Surgery, 10th Anniversary Meeting, Rome, Italy, June 6-9, 2007. US Pat#11534558, “Bilateral humeral guide for intraosseous infusion”. US Pat#9,585,757, “Orthopaedic Joints Providing Enhanced Lubricity”. US Pat#8,707,789, “Pressure Measuring Syringe”. US Pat#8,397,577, “Rolling diaphragm pressure sensor”. US Pat#8,881,594, “Tapered Spiral Bellows Pressure Sensor”. US Pat#7,863,897, “Method and Apparatus for Characterizing the Temporal Resolution of an Imaging Device”. Spiro Wave (Spiro Devices, LLC) – FDA Emergency Use Authorization TibFinder Intraosseous Drill Guide – 513(g) for Class 1 Exempt Device EasyCuff Pressure Measuring Syringe – FDA 510(k) #K102704 Eagle Scout (NH) Top Presenter Award, ASME Medical Devices Conference Presentation: Percutaneous Chordal-Cutting Catheter Design Community Service Awards: (at least 40 or more hours, per academic year). Departmental Service Award – leadership and organizing re-founding of ASME student’s association Carl G. Sontheimer Prize for outstanding Undergraduate research Carl G. Sontheimer Prize for outstanding Undergraduate research Luis DeFlorez Student Design Award for outstanding design & manufacture of a student project American Board of Plastic Surgery New Hampshire, Maine, Massachusetts, Wisconsin Expired: Massachusetts (Resident Education License) American Society of Plastic Surgeons American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons American College of Surgeons (Fellow) New England Society of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgeons New Hampshire Medical Society Training Plastic & Reconstructive Surgery (Integrated) – Medical College of Wisconsin Internship, General Surgery – Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School Education MD, Marshall University School of Medicine, Huntington, WV PhD, Mechanical Engineering, MIT, Cambridge, MA SM, Mechanical Engineering, MIT, Cambridge, MA SB, Mechanical Engineering, MIT, Cambridge, MA Academic Fellowships CIMIT/MIT Medical Engineering Fellow Lectures “Vascular Injuries and Compartment Syndrome in the Upper Extremity”, PRH EMS Cont. Ed, 8/2022 “Intro to the Hand Exam for Primary Care Physicians”, HCA Family Medicine Resident Lecture, 2/2022 “Breast Augmentation: Technology and Clinical Practice”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 4/2021 “Management of Ballistic Injuries to the Face”, MCW Inter-departmental Facial Trauma Conference, 5/2020 “Chest Wall Reconstruction”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Grounds, 2/2020 “Congenital Anomalies: Clefts and Craniofacial Conditions”, Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 11/2018 “Medical Device Innovation”, Pediatric Device Innovation Meeting, Children’s Hospital of Wisconsin, 9/2018 “Small Bone Fractures of the Upper Extremity”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 9/2018 “Upper Extremity Vascular Disorders & Compartment Syndrome”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 5/2018 “Ultrasonic Wound Debridement”, MCW Plastic Surgery Research Conference, 3/2018 “Scalp and Forehead Reconstruction”, MCW Plastic Surgery Grand Rounds, 1/2018 “Evaluation of Successful Placement of an Intraosseous Catheter using an External Placement Guide”, Research Conference, 5/17/2016; Trauma Service, Department Surgery, Brigham and Women’s Hospital Peer-Reviewed Journal Publications Kwon AH, Slocum Jr AH, Varelmann D, Nabdzyk CSG, “Rapidly scalable mechanical ventilator for the COVID-19 pandemic”, Intensive Care Medicine (2020) 46:1642-1644. Slocum Jr AH, Reinitz, S. D., Jariwala, S. H., Van Citters, D. W., “Design, Development, and Validation of an intraosseous needle placement guide”. J Med Devices. Dec 2017, 11(4):041009. Slocum Jr AH, Cervantes, T. M., Seldin, E. B., Varanasi, K. K., “Analysis and Design of Rolling-Contact Joints for Evaluating Bone Plate Performance”. Medical Engineering & Physics, September 2012, Vol. 34:7, pp. 1009-18. Slocum, Jr., A. H., Duffley, S. C., Moreu, J., Watral, A., Spiegel, J. E., Slocum, A. H., “Design, Manufacture, and Testing of the EasyCuffTM Pressure Measuring Syringe”, J Med Devices, Sep 2012, 6:3, pp. 031008-1-7. A. H. Slocum, Jr., A. H. Slocum, J. E. Spiegel, “Design and In Vitro Testing of a Pressure-Sensing Syringe for Endotracheal Tube Cuffs”. Anesth Analg May 2012 114(5):967-971. Cervantes, T. M., Slocum, Jr., A. H., Seldin, E. B., “Design and Experimental Evaluation of Adjustable Bone Plates for Mandibular Fracture Fixation”. Journal of Biomechanics, January 2012, Vol 45:1, pp. 172-178. Slocum, Jr., A. H., Culpepper, M. L., “Design of a Low-Cost, Precision Belt-Drive Machine for High-Throughput Nanomanufacturing”. Precision Engineering, January 2012, Vol. 36:1, pp. 55-69. R. Ma, A. H. Slocum, Jr., E. Sung, M. L. Culpepper, J. F. Bean, “Torque Measurement with Compliant Mechanisms”. Accepted for publication in the ASME Journal of Mechanical Design, September 26, 2011. Slocum, Jr., A. H., Saha, S. K., Culpepper, M. L., “Metric Mapping: A New Method to Aid in the Design of Nanomanufacturing Systems”. International Journal of Nanomanufacturing, 2011, Vol. 7:2, pp. 143-157. E. Sung, A. H. Slocum, Jr., R. Ma, J. F. Bean, M. L. Culpepper, “Design of an Ankle Rehabilitation Device Using Compliant Mechanisms”. ASME Journal of Medical Devices, March 2011, Vol. 5, No. 1, pp. 1-7. A. H. Slocum, Jr., W. R. Bosworth, A. Mazumdar, M. A. Saez, M. L. Culpepper, R. A. Levine, “Design of a Catheter- Based Device for Performing Percutaneous Chordal-Cutting Procedures”. ASME Journal of Medical Devices, June 2009, Vol. 3, No. 2, pp. 025001-1 – 025001-8. A. H. Slocum, Jr., S. E. Jones, R. Gupta, “Design of a Calibration Phantom for Measuring the Temporal Resolution of a Tomographic Imaging Device”. ASME Journal of Medical Devices, September 2007, Vol. 1, No. 3, pp. 225-232. Oral Presentations Slocum Jr AH, Moore AV, Gray LN, “Inframammary fold vs. Periareolar incisions for augmentation mammoplasty”, virtual presentation during the Senior Residents Conference at the American Society of Plastic Surgeons Annual Meeting, October 2021 (Virtual, pre-recorded). Linehan AR, Slocum Jr, AH, Hettinger PC, “Surgical Treatment of Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumors: A 10 year Review”, Midwestern Association of Plastic Surgeons, Lake Geneva, WI, May 3-5, 2019. Barcikowski, J., Opalenik, C. S., Williams, C., Slocum, Jr., A. H., Ma, R., Bean, J. F., “Reliability and Validity of avNew Device Measuring Ankle Strength and Power”. Presented at the Annual Meeting of the Association of Academic Physiatrists, Las Vegas, NV, February 28 – March 3, 2012. AH Slocum, Jr., A. T. Paxson, A.-T. Akono, E. Blough, K. K. Varanasi, “Nano-Structured Contoured Porous Coatings for Orthopaedic Implants”. Presented at the Fall 2011 meeting of the Material Research Society in Boston, MA, December 2nd, 2011. A. H. Slocum, Jr., S. C. Duffley, J. Moreu, A. Watral, J. E. Spiegel, A. H. Slocum, “Design of a Pressure Measuring Syringe”, Presented at the Design of Medical Devices Conference in Minneapolis, MN, April 13-15 2010. Slocum, Jr., A. H. and Culpepper, M. L., “Design of a Precision Transfer Line for Dip-Pen Nanolithography”. 24th annual meeting of the American Society of Precision Engineers, October 4-9, 2009, Monterey, CA. A. H. Slocum, Jr., W. R. Bosworth, A. Mazumdar, M. A. Saez, M. L. Culpepper, R. A. Levine, “Design of a Catheter- Based Device for Performing Percutaneous Chordal-Cutting Procedures”. ASME Design of Medical Devices Conference, April 13-16, 2009, Minneapolis, MN. A. H. Slocum, Jr., S. E. Jones, R. Gupta, “Temporal Modulation Transfer Function: A New Method for Characterizing Temporal Resolution of a CT Scanner”. 93rd Annual Meeting of the Radiological Society of North America, 11/27/07. Peer-Reviewed Conference Publications Linehan AR, Slocum AH, Lineberry KD, Schurman A, Hackbarth D, King D, Neilson JC, Logiudice JA, Matloub HS, Hettinger PC, “Surgical Treatment of Peripheral Nerve Sheath Tumors: a 10 Year Review”, Accepted to the American Association of Hand Surgery Annual Meeting, January 8-11, 2020, Ft. Lauderdale, FL. Carpenter NJ, Whitlock RH, Slocum Jr AH, Lineberry KD, Hoben GH, “Leech Therapy for Digital Replants and Revascularizations: Anticipating Transfusion needs”; Presented at the 74th Annual Meeting of the American Society for Surgery of the Hand, Las Vegas, NV, September 5-7, 2019. Slocum, Jr., A. H., El Khoury, J., Goodman, D. H., Varanasi, K. K., “Enhancing Orthopaedic Joint Lubrication Using Synovial Fluid Impregnated Super-Wetting Porous Coatings”. Poster Presentation at the 2014 Annual Meeting of the Orthopaedic Research Society, New Orleans, LA, March 15-18, 2014. Cervantes, T. M., Slocum, Jr., A. H., Gupta, R., Seldin, E. B., “In Vitro Tests Utilizing an Adjustable Bone Plate”. Presented at the 2013 Annual Meeting of the American Society for Biomechanics, Omaha, NE, Sept 4-7, 2013. Slocum, Jr., A. H., Herder, J. L.,, Varanasi, K. K., “Biomechanical Design of Rolling Contact Knee Joint Prostheses”. Presented at 2012 Annual Meeting of the American Society for Biomechanics, Gainesville, FL, August 15-18, 2012. Cervantes, T. M., Slocum, Jr., A. H., Seldin, E. B., “Deterministic Adjustable Bone Plate Design”. Presented at the 2012 ASME Design of Medical Devices Conference, Minneapolis, MN, April 10-12, 2012. A. H. Slocum, Jr., A. D. Jagannath, T. Waagen, A. K. Agnihotri, R. A. Levine, “A Pulsatile-Flow Model for Intra- Cardiac Surgical Device Development”. Presented at the 10th ASME Design of Medical Devices Conference I Minneapolis, MN, April 12th-14th, 2011. Joan Spiegel, M.D., Alex Slocum, Jr., B.S., Alex Slocum, Sr., PhD. “Measuring Endotracheal-Tube Cuff Pressure: An Integrated, In-Line Pressure-Measuring Syringe”. Proceedings of the 105th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Anesthesiologists, San Diego, California October 16-20, 2010. S. K. Saha, C.M. DiBiasio, A. H. Slocum, Jr., A. Watral, and M.L. Culpepper, “Precision equipment and tools that enable practical probe-based nanomanufacturing”, 10th International Conference of the European Society for Precision Engineering and Nanotechnology. Delft, Netherlands, June 2010. R. Ma, A. H. Slocum, Jr., E. Sung, M. L. Culpepper, J. F. Bean, “Ankle-Rehabilitation via Compliant Mechanisms”, Presented at the Design of Medical Devices Conference in Minneapolis, MN, April 13-15 2010. A. H. Slocum, Jr., S. E. Jones, R. Gupta, “Design of a Calibration Phantom for Measuring the Temporal Resolution of a Tomographic Imaging Device”. Presented at Scientific Poster Session of the Design of Medical Devices Conference, April 15-17, 2008, Minneapolis, MN. J. K. White, A. H. Slocum Jr., A. K. Agnihotri, D. F. Torchiana, “Direct Cardiac Compression Using Helical Bands” (video and manuscript). The Proceedings of the International Society for Minimally Invasive Cardiothoracic Surgery, 10th Anniversary Meeting, Rome, Italy, June 6-9, 2007. Patents US Pat#11534558, “Bilateral humeral guide for intraosseous infusion”. US Pat#9,585,757, “Orthopaedic Joints Providing Enhanced Lubricity”. US Pat#8,707,789, “Pressure Measuring Syringe”. US Pat#8,397,577, “Rolling diaphragm pressure sensor”. US Pat#8,881,594, “Tapered Spiral Bellows Pressure Sensor”. US Pat#7,863,897, “Method and Apparatus for Characterizing the Temporal Resolution of an Imaging Device”. Regulatory Spiro Wave (Spiro Devices, LLC) – FDA Emergency Use Authorization TibFinder Intraosseous Drill Guide – 513(g) for Class 1 Exempt Device EasyCuff Pressure Measuring Syringe – FDA 510(k) #K102704 Awards Eagle Scout (NH) Top Presenter Award, ASME Medical Devices Conference Presentation: Percutaneous Chordal-Cutting Catheter Design Community Service Awards: (at least 40 or more hours, per academic year). Departmental Service Award – leadership and organizing re-founding of ASME student’s association Carl G. Sontheimer Prize for outstanding Undergraduate research Carl G. Sontheimer Prize for outstanding Undergraduate research Luis DeFlorez Student Design Award for outstanding design & manufacture of a student project Professional Certifications American Board of Plastic Surgery State Medical Licenses New Hampshire, Maine, Massachusetts, Wisconsin Expired: Massachusetts (Resident Education License) Society Memberships American Society of Plastic Surgeons American Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons American College of Surgeons (Fellow) New England Society of Plastic & Reconstructive Surgeons New Hampshire Medical Society Procedure Specialty Featured Breast Augmentation Facelift Rhinoplasty Gallery Meet The Doctor B&A View Results Schedule a consultation Your Seacoast Journey Starts Here Face Breast Body Medspa Male About Gallery Resources Contact Seacoast Plastic Surgery logo (603) 956-6059 FAX: (603) 956-6091 100 Borthwick Ave, Suite 220 Portsmouth, NH 03801 2026 © Seacoast Plastic Surgery Privacy Policy | TOS | Sitemap Website & SEO by MRKTMADE/ Accessibility: If you are vision-impaired or have some other impairment covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act or a similar law, and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact our Accessibility Manager at (603) 956-6059 Call Email Results Book Spa "