Best Medspa In Manchester, NH | The Alchemy Clinic Skip to content Book Now Self Assessment Gift Card Medication Refill Request Medical Aesthetics Injectables Neuromodulators Botox® Dysport® Daxxify® Dermal Fillers Dissolving Fillers Non-Surgical Rhinoplasty Sculptra Kybella Steroid Injection Facial Rejuvenation Diamond Glow Dermaplaning Microneedling PDO Thread Lift Energy Based Treatments Aerolase Laser CoolPeel Laser Tetra CO2 Ultimate Duo Laser Virtue RF Body Virtue RF Face Scition BBL® Heroic XERF™ Skin Tightening Skin Peels VI Peels Chemical Peels PRX Derm Perfexion Facial Regenerative Therapy EZ Gel Plasma Filler Exosomes PRP/PRF Gentlemen’s Elixir Wellness Medical Weight Loss Management Regenerative Therapy Sexual Wellness P-SHOT O-SHOT Hormone Replacement Therapy Male Hormone Replacement Therapy Female Hormone Replacement Therapy Athletic Performance Ozone Therapy Peptide Therapy IV Therapy Pricing About Meet The Team Blog How We Give Press Policies Reviews For Patients Financing Forms & Instructions Medication Refill Request New Patients Patient Login The Alchemy Insider Shop ZO Skin Health Fullscript Amazon Favorites The Alchemy Exchange Membership Contact us Medical Aesthetics Injectables Neuromodulators Botox® Dysport® Daxxify® Dermal Fillers Dissolving Fillers Non-Surgical Rhinoplasty Sculptra Kybella Steroid Injection Facial Rejuvenation Diamond Glow Dermaplaning Microneedling PDO Thread Lift Energy Based Treatments Aerolase Laser CoolPeel Laser Tetra CO2 Ultimate Duo Laser Virtue RF Body Virtue RF Face Scition BBL® Heroic XERF™ Skin Tightening Skin Peels VI Peels Chemical Peels PRX Derm Perfexion Facial Regenerative Therapy EZ Gel Plasma Filler Exosomes PRP/PRF Gentlemen’s Elixir Wellness Medical Weight Loss Management Regenerative Therapy Sexual Wellness P-SHOT O-SHOT Hormone Replacement Therapy Male Hormone Replacement Therapy Female Hormone Replacement Therapy Athletic Performance Ozone Therapy Peptide Therapy IV Therapy Pricing About Meet The Team Blog How We Give Press Policies Reviews For Patients Financing Forms & Instructions Medication Refill Request New Patients Patient Login The Alchemy Insider Shop ZO Skin Health Fullscript Amazon Favorites The Alchemy Exchange Membership Contact us Medical Spa in Manchester, NH “Medical aesthetics and wellness are the chapters of self-discovery where one’s story is rewritten. It’s the narrative of transformation, where each treatment is a sentence, each rejuvenation a paragraph, and with every step, we redefine our story with grace, beauty, and well-being.” OUR SERVICES Medical Aesthetics Injectables Facial Rejuvenation Energy Based Treatments Skin Peel Facial Regenerative Therapy Gentleman’s Elixir View All Wellness Medical Weight Loss Management Regenerative Therapy Sexual Wellness Hormone Replacement Therapy Athletic Performance View All OUR VISION At The Alchemy Clinic, we are more than a medical aesthetic and wellness practice; we are visionaries and pioneers dedicated to redefining the possibilities of health and beauty. Our unwavering commitment to education, the highest practice standards, and patient safety sets us apart as leaders in the industry. We are driven by a shared vision to create a carefully curated space that transcends the ordinary, where every patient’s unique needs are met with personalized care. Meet the Team Meet the Team OUR VALUES The Alchemy Clinic was founded on a deep commitment to our core values, which serves as the foundation for the exceptional care we provide to our patients. These values shape every aspect of our practice, guiding us in our mission to deliver the highest standards of care and to cultivate an empowering environment where patients feel truly cared for. INTEGRITY We believe that practicing with integrity is at the core of who we are. The Alchemy Clinic was built upon strong moral principles of medicine and the needs of our patients is our number one priority. We value ethical and transparent care and always prioritize doing what is right for our patients. EXPERIENCE We believe that creating an unforgettable experience is integral to who we are as clinicians and as a practice. No matter where you are in your medical aesthetic or wellness journey we understand that each and every interaction matters and your experience here at The Alchemy Clinic will feel unique, personalized and celebrated. BELONGING We believe that creating a culture that unites people instills a sense of belonging in those we serve. We are committed to creating intentional connections with each of our patients that foster support, inclusivity, and acceptance. AUTHENTICITY We believe that authenticity is each of our superpowers. Here at The Alchemy Clinic we celebrate individuality and believe that every patient deserves a personalized care plan that is unique to their specific needs and desires. GROWTH We believe that our dedication to education along with continued growth, enables us to deliver exceptional care and outcomes to every patient we treat. WHAT'S NEW Don't Miss Out! Subscribe to Our YouTube Channel for Exclusive Content! Youtube Get In Touch With Us (603) 206-5804 Book Appointment PATIENT TESTIMONIALS Let us help you look and feel your best Contact us today Reviews Servicing patients from these areas We’re proud to serve the Seacoast and Southern New Hampshire as well as the communities of Concord , Bedford , Meredith , Peterborough and New London , NH. Let us help you achieve your wellness goals, wherever you live. Follow on Instagram @thealchemyclinic Follow on Instagram 🌟 Another Amazing Patient Testimonial! 🌟 At The A Membership Monday ✨Glow Up This December with ZO® Come and celebrate small business Saturday with us WELLNESS WEDNESDAY 🌱Healing with BPC 157!🌱 🔍 What We are heading into Thanksgiving week! This year, ✨ Testimonial Thursday ✨ When people write review 🧬 What is NAD? 🧬 Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotid ✨ Let’s Chat CO2Lift Pro Mask! ✨ What’s the secre Load More Follow on Instagram FOLLOW US Contact The Alchemy Clinic 753 Chestnut Street• Manchester, New Hampshire Call Us : 603-206-5804 Text Us : 978-666-9488 Email Us : info@alchemyclinic.com Our Partners Aesthetic Practitioners of New Hampshire Aesthetic Practitioners of New Hampshire Leave a review HOURS By appointment only Newsletter © 2026 The Alchemy Clinic. All Rights Reserved | Sitemap Site Developed And Maintained By : Medical Aesthetics Injectables Neuromodulators Botox® Dysport® Daxxify® Dermal Fillers Dissolving Fillers Non-Surgical Rhinoplasty Sculptra Kybella Steroid Injection Facial Rejuvenation Diamond Glow Dermaplaning Microneedling PDO Thread Lift Energy Based Treatments Aerolase Laser CoolPeel Laser Tetra CO2 Ultimate Duo Laser Virtue RF Body Virtue RF Face Scition BBL® Heroic XERF™ Skin Tightening Skin Peels VI Peels Chemical Peels PRX Derm Perfexion Facial Regenerative Therapy EZ Gel Plasma Filler Exosomes PRP/PRF Gentlemen’s Elixir Wellness Medical Weight Loss Management Regenerative Therapy Sexual Wellness P-SHOT O-SHOT Hormone Replacement Therapy Male Hormone Replacement Therapy Female Hormone Replacement Therapy Athletic Performance Ozone Therapy Peptide Therapy IV Therapy Pricing About Meet The Team Blog How We Give Press Policies Reviews For Patients Financing Forms & Instructions Medication Refill Request New Patients Patient Login The Alchemy Insider Shop ZO Skin Health Fullscript Amazon Favorites The Alchemy Exchange Membership Contact us info@alchemyclinic.com 603-206-5804 Book Now Book Now Self Assessment Call Now Button