About Soothe Medical Aesthetics - Expert Care Redefined Skip to content Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Visia SkinCare Analyisis Biostimulators Radiesse SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Weight Loss Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Schedule An Appointment Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Home About Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Visia SkinCare Analyisis Biostimulators Radiesse SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Weight Loss Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Neuromodulator Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Schedule An Appointment CALL OR TEXT: 207-877-4090 3 St. Catherine Street Augusta, ME 04330 Instagram Facebook Icon-tiktok-square Envelope About Us Schedule An Appointment Angela Coton, PA-C, MPAS Nationally Certified Physician Assistant, Angela has more than 16 years of experience in Facial Plastics, ENT aka Otolaryngology, Dermatology, and Aesthetic Medicine. Angela founded Soothe Medical Aesthetics in March of 2018 in Wake Forest, NC before relocating to Maine. THE STORY OF Angela Coton. Angela began her career in the aesthetics industry in 2003 in North Carolina by working in the laser hair removal industry. The thought of having a job that also allowed her the opportunity to never have to shave again was too good to pass up! She learned the importance of investing in state of the art laser technology as patients deserve amazing results for both patient satisfaction and patient retention. While managing nurses and aestheticians, she realized her true love was working directly with patients. She applied and was accepted into the incredibly competitive PA class at East Carolina University in 2007 (40 students were accepted out of over 850 applicants) to pursue her Master of Science degree in Physician Assistant Studies. After graduating in 2009, she relocated to the North Shore of Boston to study Facial Plastics and Otolaryngology with seven renowned surgeons. Her mentoring physician, Dr David Chrzanowski is a board-certified facial plastic and ENT surgeon. She gained immense knowledge in facial anatomy, ENT and aesthetics in addition to skincare science. She brought on the practice’s first skincare line as medical grade skincare is so important to obtain the best aesthetic results. She then went on to open her own practice in Wake Forest, NC which she relocated to Maine in order to be closer to family. She has over 10+ years working in Otolaryngology, 7 years working under a Facial Plastic Surgeon, and 4 years working to solve patient’s dermatological issues. In addition, she has partnered with an amazing dermatopathology practice, Bridge Dermatopathology, to read all of your biopsies performed in-house here at Soothe Medical. The opportunity to deliver amazing care at a fraction of the cost of a hospital is so important to her. In addition, Angela was a National Trainer for Medaesthetics Training from Feb 2018-July 2023 where she trained MDs , DOs, PAs, NPs and RNs on how to inject patients safely and appropriately. She looks forward to providing the utmost professional experience and quality care at an affordable cost. Experience Angela’s background in facial plastics, ENT, dermatology and the science of aging combined with her desire to make people feel good about their looks led her to pursue aesthetic medicine. Her favorite tool to improve a patient’s natural beauty is through minimally-invasive techniques, utilizing neuromodulators like Jeaveau, Botox, Dysport & Xeomin and dermal fillers to restore collagen and volume loss. She is dedicated to maintaining the highest standards of patient safety and understands the importance of educating her patients on the options that will allow them to be the most naturally vitalized while getting the most for their money. She is also dedicated to her own education to stay current with the latest advances and techniques. Ashley Pelotte My name is Ashley Pelotte, I was born and raised in Central Maine. I grew up with a love for the beach, sunshine, beauty, sports, the outdoors, relaxing with a good book and spending time with my fiancé, friends and family. I’m an animal lover to my core and have 2 very spoiled dogs to prove it! I have a genuine love for helping people feel their best! I am incredibly grateful to have discovered the world of medical aesthetics. It allows me to combine many of my passions into one rewarding career! From laser treatments, injectables, and so much more, I get to help make a true difference in someone’s life. I truly enjoy being a part of an amazing team that works together to help any and all become the best versions of themselves. The power of making someone feel more uniquely beautiful and confident in their own skin is unbeatable. Sophia Chadbourne Hi my name is Sophia Chadbourne and I am a licensed esthetician.Ever since I can remember I have always loved health and beauty and helping people reach those goals. My passion for all things aesthetic started ever since I can remember and now I am excited to use the skills I have gathered to give others the best care and advice I can. I am eager to be part of the Soothe Medical team to help others feel confident in their skin. I was born and raised in Maine and have loved living here my whole life. I enjoy hiking, traveling and seeing all nature has to offer. Spending time with family and loved ones is massively important to me and I am grateful to have them in my life! Offering the Best Customized Facials, Dermaplaning, GLO2 Facials, Korean Lash Lift & Tints & More with our experienced Medical Aesthetician Sophia 🎉 Get a Gift Certificate for Yourself or Gift One to Friends & Family Get our gift card Follow us on Instagram and Facebook Get the best version of you! Schedule An Appointment Enhance what nature gave you Instagram Icon-facebook Icon-tiktok-square Envelope Copyright © 2022 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Apply Get latest update Sign Up This form is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Contact info@soothemed.com Call/Text Us: 207-877-4090 Location 3 St. Catherine Street Augusta, ME 04330 (Blue Building-Upstairs Entrance, Please Enter Through Black Double Doors) Payment Options Menu Home About Services Payment Plans Products Results Blog Contact us Gifts Careers Operation Hours We are Open Tuesdays 9am-5pm Wednesdays 10am-6:30pm Thursday 9am-5pm Friday 9am-5pm We are also open ONE Saturday each month to accommodate those patients who cannot visit with us Tues-Fri. Please check for Saturday schedule who you book online or call/text us to book your Saturday appt. We are closed on all Sundays & Mondays. Services Laser Hair Removal (BareHR) Forever Young BBL-Sciton Forever Clear Acne-Sciton Moxi Laser-Sciton SkinPen Microneedling (PRP) Medical Grade Chemical Peels including Perfect Derma Peel and PRX Derm Perfection Neuromodulator Dermal Fillers (Revance and Versa) Biostimulators Radiesse Sculptra Biopsies & Mass/Skin Excisions Skin Care Consultation Visia SkinCare Analyisis Weight Loss Designed & Developed by Griffon Webstudios Scroll Cancellation policy We ask that you please reschedule or cancel by calling or texting 207-877-4090 a minimum of 24 hours before the beginning of your appointment or you will be charged a cancellation fee of $50.00. If this is your first appointment and you cancel less than 24 hours before your appointment, there will be a $50 deposit required to schedule another appointment. This deposit will be applied toward your treatment if you arrive to your appointment on time. After three no-shows, you will be required to pay for the full cost of your service in advance when booking future appointments. Thank you for understanding. Book An Appointment