About Us | Penobscot Medical Aesthetics Follow Us x Follow Us ! Follow Us a Menu x Home About Us Services MOXI® Laser BBL® HEROic™ Neurotoxin Injectable Fillers Laser Treatments TruSculpt Medical-Grade Chemical Peels Microneedling Diamond Glow Secret Pro Accent Prime GLO2Facial EMFACE DENSITY Radiesse Products Gallery Testimonials Newsletter Financing Contact Us (207) 922-2630 Directions About Us Dr. Jennifer Freese Born in Bangor and raised in Veazie, Maine, Dr. Jennifer Freese has deep roots in the community she proudly serves. She graduated from Colby College in Waterville, Maine, before earning her medical degree from the University of New England College of Osteopathic Medicine in Biddeford. She then completed her Family Medicine Residency through Brown University Medical School in Providence, Rhode Island. Dr. Freese is board certified in Family Medicine and has advanced training in aesthetic medicine through the National Laser Institute. She has been caring for patients in the Bangor area since 2009 and is passionate about helping people look and feel their best through safe, natural-looking aesthetic treatments. Known for her warm personality, attention to detail, and genuine care for her patients, Dr. Freese strives to create a welcoming environment where every patient feels comfortable, confident, and heard. Outside of the office, Dr. Freese enjoys traveling the world with her family, discovering great food, and spending time with friends. One of her greatest joys is cheering on her twins from the sidelines at soccer, basketball, track, and cross-country events. Whether she’s exploring a new destination, sharing a meal with good company, or helping patients achieve their goals, she believes life’s best moments are meant to be enjoyed and celebrated Rebecca Fish, L.A. Rebecca was born and raised in Bangor, Maine. She graduated from Capilo Institute in Augusta, Maine. She is a Licensed Aesthetician and is certified in Diamond Glow treatments, Dermaplaning, Environ and Skinceutical skincare and chemical peels, Colorescience skincare, SkinMedica skincare, Accent Prime, TruSculpt, TruSculpt Flex, Secret PRO, XEO laser treatments and Soprano Ice Platinum laser hair reduction. Rebecca has been practicing as a Licensed Aesthetician for six years and strives to provide the most up to date treatments and skincare products to her patients. Her warm and personal touch provides a welcoming experience at our medical spa. Haylee Pacheco, RN Haylee was born and raised in Bangor, Maine. She received her nursing license in 2016. Haylee is an experienced nurse who is passionate about enhancing natural beauty and promoting confidence, through personalized skincare treatments and injectables. Haylee enjoys hiking, travelling, and spending time with her husband and two boys! She looks forward to meeting you! Amy Guerrette, Practice Manager Stacey Collins, Front Desk Emily Littlefield, Director of Marketing and Business Development Contact Us We want to ensure that our website and services are accessible to all of our potential customers. Penobscot Medical Aesthetics continuously makes modifications to increase the accessibility and usability of this website, using the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) published by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), the main international standards organization for the Internet. Accessibility and usability are not always possible in every area of the website or for those visitors using assistive technologies and devices. Please be advised that our efforts are ongoing, and we continue to improve our designs based upon your feedback. If you have found an inaccessible area on the site, please be sure to specify the web page and provide us with any other information you may think will help us locate the area. Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2026 Penobscot Medical Aesthetics, all rights reserved. 608 Main Rd N Hampden,, Penobscot County , ME 04444 (207) 922-2630