Meet the Team - Maine Laser and Aesthetics,LLC,PA | Dr. Geraldine Ollila Home Meet the Team Treatments Botox Fillers Age & Sun Spot Removal Facial Vein & Rosacea Treatment Laser Hair Removal Laser Photo Rejuvenation Seborrheic Keratosis & Skin Tag Removal Tattoo Removal Co2 Laser Skin Resurfacing Microblading Microneedling Facial Services Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy Acute Care Lash Extensions Lash Lift & Tint / Brow Lamination and Tint Ear Lobe Repair Lip Blushing PHAZE BEAUTY Products Latisse Monthly Specials Patient Reviews Patient Information Book Client Portal Home Meet the Team Treatments Botox Fillers Age & Sun Spot Removal Facial Vein & Rosacea Treatment Laser Hair Removal Laser Photo Rejuvenation Seborrheic Keratosis & Skin Tag Removal Tattoo Removal Co2 Laser Skin Resurfacing Microblading Microneedling Facial Services Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy Acute Care Lash Extensions Lash Lift & Tint / Brow Lamination and Tint Ear Lobe Repair Lip Blushing PHAZE BEAUTY Products Latisse Monthly Specials Patient Reviews Patient Information Book Client Portal Meet the Team Our Front Desk Team Lizzy, Carolyn, Vicki, Angela, McCallum, Susan. Our Providers Amanda-Bree Cornell, Amanda Robinson, Gerry Ollila, Hallsey Leighton, Dawn Fallon, Larisa Welch, Bonnie Stewart. Geraldine Ollila, DO Dr. Geraldine Ollila is a family practitioner and aesthetic physician that has been serving Maine patients for over 30 years. She has earned a loyal following from patients seeking consultation, advice and treatment for a variety of aesthetic concerns as we age. Dr. Ollila received a Bachelor of Science cum laude degree in Physical Therapy from the University of New England in 1988. She graduated from the University of New England’s College of Osteopathic Medicine in 1993 and completed her residency at Brighton Medical Center in Portland, Maine. Her practice as an Aesthetic Medicine has spanned over 14 years and includes laser medicine, injectable fillers and neurotoxins, scar revision, and earlobe repair. Amanda-Bree Cornell, CMA Amanda-Bree Cornell is a Certified Medical Assistant and laser technician. She has been providing for Maine patients over the past 15+ years in the aesthetics field. She has a vast knowledge of lasers for hair removal, tattoo removal, age & sunspot removal, and has extensive experience with numerous skin care lines. She is a member of American Laser Society. Amanda has a passion and talent for aesthetics and feels fulfilled when she can make a difference in someone's confidence by utilizing her impressive skill base. Amanda-Bree provides laser photo rejuvenation, hair removal, tattoo removal, age/sunspot removal, as well as lip blushing and lash extensions. Amanda Robinson, FNP-BC Amanda Robinson is a board-certified Family Nurse Practitioner specializing in aesthetics, dermatology, and bioidentical hormone replacement therapy (BHRT). She received her Nurse Practitioner degree from Simmons University in Boston and brings a deep clinical background with a thoughtful, individualized approach to patient care. Amanda is the founder of PHAZE Beauty, a science-backed skincare line created to support skin through every phase of life. Her philosophy centers on skin health, balance, and natural-looking results—enhancing what’s already there while honoring the aging process. Her goal is simple: to help patients feel confident, informed, and comfortable in their own skin. Amanda provides comprehensive consultations and personalized treatment plans for MLA’s Bio-Identical Hormone Therapy program. She also offers a full range of aesthetic and wellness services, including Botox, facial fillers, laser photo rejuvenation, hair removal, tattoo removal, age/sunspot removal, GLP-1 medical weight loss program consultations, Ellman radiofrequency treatments, Vbeam and Smoothbeam laser therapy, as well as Co2 laser resurfacing. Bonnie Stewart, RN-BSN Bonnie Stewart has been a Registered Nurse for more than 30 years in Southern Maine. She graduated from the University of Southern Maine in 1989 with a bachelor’s degree in nursing. Bonnie has worked as a charge nurse, nurse manager, and was in a leadership role with the Maine Veteran’s Home for 25 years before joining the MaineLA team. Bonnie provides Botox, facial fillers, laser hair, tattoo, and age/sunspot removal, as well as assisting with our GLP-1 medical weight loss program. Larisa Welch, FNP Larisa Welch is a board-certified Family Nurse Practitioner with more than twenty years of experience in healthcare including primary care, women's health, obesity medicine, and surgical care. Larisa specializes in advanced laser treatments and precision injections designed to enhance natural beauty. Her approach blends aesthetics with overall wellness to help you look and feel your best. Larisa provides medical consultations, Botox, facial fillers, laser hair, tattoo, and age/sunspot spot removal, Ellman radiofrequency treatments, Vbeam laser therapy, and Co2 laser resurfacing. Dawn Fallon, NP Dawn Fallon is an Adult Nurse Practitioner with a special interest in Family Practice and a strong background in cardiology. She received her master’s degree in nursing in 1997 from New York University and her B.S. Nursing in 1995 from University of Southern California. Dawn provides comprehensive consultations and personalized treatment plans for MLA’s Bio-Identical Hormone Therapy program. She also offers a full range of aesthetic and wellness services, including Botox, laser hair removal, tattoo removal, age/sunspot removal, GLP-1 medical weight loss program consultations, Ellman radiofrequency treatments, Vbeam laser therapy, and Co2 laser resurfacing. Hallsey Leighton, RN Hallsey Leighton graduated from the University of New England with my BSN and has been practicing as a nurse for 11 years. She spent five years as a traveling nurse, gaining experience across the country, and is now thrilled to be at her dream job here at Maine Laser. Hallsey also has a Cavapoo named Lenny, who you may see around the office. Hallsey provides Botox, facial fillers, laser hair and age/sunspot removal, as well as assisting with our Bio-Identical Hormone Therapy and the GLP-1 medical weight loss programs. Lizzie Hall, RN Lizzie Hall graduated from York University in 2021 with a degree in theatre. After working for MLA as a patient coordinator Lizzie decided to become an RN, with a focus in Aesthetics, and graduated from Maine College of Health Professions in May of 2026. She has been shadowing Dr. Ollila and learning the fine art of aesthetics for the past year. Lizzie provides Botox, laser hair removal, microblading, brow lamination and tints, lash lifts and tints, as well as classic lash extensions. She also assists with our Bio-Identical Hormone Therapy and is one of our social media content creators and liaisons for social media collaborations. Back to Top 21B Northbrook Drive, Falmouth, ME, 04105, United States (207) 805-8920 contact@mainela.com © 2018 Maine Laser and Aesthetics. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy