About Hera Skin And Wellness | Medspa in Portsmouth, NH Skip to content 603-427-8200 info@heraskinandwellness.com Self Assessment Facebook Instagram Home About Us About Us Policies Services Facials Glass Facial in Portsmouth, NH Dermaplaning in Portsmouth, NH Eye & Brow Enhancements in Portsmouth, NH Waxing in Portsmouth, NH Massage & Body Work in Portsmouth, NH Harmonic Resonance in Portsmouth, NH Head Spa in Portsmouth, NH Injectables in Portsmouth, NH Neurotoxins in Portsmouth, NH Dermal Filler in Portsmouth, NH Sculptra in Portsmouth, NH Skinvive in Portsmouth, NH PRF EZ Gel Treatments in Portsmouth, NH Radiant GLO in Portsmouth, NH Laser Skin Resurfacing in Portsmouth, NH Lumecca® IPL DiolazeXL® Laser Hair Removal Vasculaze™ Vascular Lesion Treatment Microneedling in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 Body in Portsmouth, NH Divine Glo™ in Portsmouth, NH KeraLase Hair Restoration in Portsmouth, NH Medical Weight Management in Portsmouth, NH Body Contouring Evolve Tone in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 Body in Portsmouth, NH Women’s Wellness VTone in Portsmouth, NH FormaV in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8V in Portsmouth, NH Add-Ons Gallery Payment Plans Cherry Membership Home About Us About Us Policies Services Facials Glass Facial in Portsmouth, NH Dermaplaning in Portsmouth, NH Eye & Brow Enhancements in Portsmouth, NH Waxing in Portsmouth, NH Massage & Body Work in Portsmouth, NH Harmonic Resonance in Portsmouth, NH Head Spa in Portsmouth, NH Injectables in Portsmouth, NH Neurotoxins in Portsmouth, NH Dermal Filler in Portsmouth, NH Sculptra in Portsmouth, NH Skinvive in Portsmouth, NH PRF EZ Gel Treatments in Portsmouth, NH Radiant GLO in Portsmouth, NH Laser Skin Resurfacing in Portsmouth, NH Lumecca® IPL DiolazeXL® Laser Hair Removal Vasculaze™ Vascular Lesion Treatment Microneedling in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 Body in Portsmouth, NH Divine Glo™ in Portsmouth, NH KeraLase Hair Restoration in Portsmouth, NH Medical Weight Management in Portsmouth, NH Body Contouring Evolve Tone in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 Body in Portsmouth, NH Women’s Wellness VTone in Portsmouth, NH FormaV in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8V in Portsmouth, NH Add-Ons Gallery Payment Plans Cherry Membership GLO Fund Reviews SPECIALS Blogs Contact Us SHOP GLO Fund Reviews SPECIALS Blogs Contact Us SHOP SPECIALS BOOK NOW About Us JAMIE CALLAHAN, MSN, BSN, FNP-C Jamie is a certified Nurse Practitioner and the Medical Director and co-founder of Hera Skin & Wellness. With more than 12 years of nursing experience, she is passionate about combining medical expertise with an artistic approach to help patients achieve natural, confidence-boosting results. Jamie earned her bachelor's degree in Psychology from Trinity College before pursuing a career in nursing. She completed her Master of Science in Nursing at the University of Colorado and has experience spanning dialysis, perioperative care, family practice, and medical aesthetics. As Medical Director, Jamie oversees the clinical standards and patient care at Hera while specializing in neuromodulators, dermal fillers, and biostimulator treatments. She also leads the practice's medical weight loss and women's health programs, creating individualized treatment plans that prioritize long-term wellness alongside aesthetic outcomes. Known for her meticulous attention to detail and patient-centered approach, Jamie believes in educating her patients, understanding their goals, and developing personalized treatment plans that enhance their natural beauty. Jamie lives in NH with her husband, daughter, and pup, Turk. When she isn't at Hera, she can be found skiing, hiking, camping, and attending live music events throughout New England. JAMIE CALLAHAN, MSN, BSN, FNP-C Jamie is a certified nurse practitioner and co-founder of Hera Skin and Wellness. She has over eight years of experience in nursing and is known for her passion for aesthetics, attention to detail, and personalized patient care. Jamie graduated from Trinity College in 2011 with a degree in Psychology. After a short stint in advertising in NYC, she was searching for a more fulfilling career and returned to MGH Institute of Health to pursue nursing. In 2018, she decided to advance her degree and moved to Colorado to complete her Master of Science in Nursing at the University of Colorado. She has worked in dialysis, pre-op, OR, post-anesthesia recovery, family practice, and medical aesthetics. Jamie has extensive knowledge of anatomy and physiology. She takes the time to understand her patient's concerns, explains her services thoroughly, and ensures that every treatment plan is catered to each client so they can reach their goals together. Jamie currently lives in Portsmouth, NH, with her boyfriend, and dog, Turk. When she isn't at Hera, she can be found skiing, hiking, camping, enjoying live music, or spending time with family. EMILY MCCOMB, RN, BSN Emily McComb is a Registered Nurse with over 15 years of experience in nursing. Emily’s journey in the world of aesthetics began with a strong desire to combine her love for healthcare and aesthetics. She is compassionate and known for her attention to detail and genuine desire of helping individuals enhance their natural beauty, as well as boost their self-confidence. Emily graduated from Saint Joseph’s College of Maine in 2010 with a Bachelor’s of Science in Nursing. After graduating, she worked locally in ICU and then was a travel nurse for a few years working in many cities across the country including Nashville, San Antonio, San Diego, and San Francisco where she then stayed and lived for 5 years. She also has experience working for a structural heart program, inpatient and outpatient surgery including plastics, and currently in medical aesthetics as a nurse injector. As an aesthetic nurse injector, Emily’s goal is to provide personalized treatments that can fulfill each client's unique needs and desires. She strives to create a comfortable and safe environment where open communication and trust are paramount. Emily currently lives in Seabrook NH with her dog Rudy. When she’s not helping her clients look and feel their best, she loves weightlifting or anything active, traveling, being a foodie, and spending time with her friends and family. MARILYN MINER, LMT Marilyn is a licensed massage therapist with ten years of experience. Her study of body work began in Hawaii where she attended Kalani School of Massage, training in lymphatic drainage, Lomi Lomi massage, reiki, EFT, and various aquatic massage modalities. Marilyn also completed programs in Thai massage in Thailand and craniosacral therapy in New Hampshire. Since returning to the East Coast she has completed training in Japanese head spa services and sound therapy. She has incorporated these techniques into both her bodywork practice and head spa services, which have become her most in-demand offerings since working with Hera. Marilyn's practice has evolved into a treatment-oriented approach designed to address the unique needs of individual clients. Her philosophy is rooted in the belief that you are your body's greatest ally, and her intention with this work is to honor the connection between mind and body. Marilyn lives locally with her partner and two large dogs. She is often found near the water or hiking. She looks forward to being part of your wellness journey at Hera Skin and Wellness. TAYLOR MILLS, LE Taylor is a Licensed Esthetician with over 4 years of experience throughout the seacoast area. She is known for her attention to detail, and love for eyebrows & lashes. Taylor has always had a passion for making people feel comfortable in their own skin. She graduated from the Institute of Skin Science in 2020 with a degree in Esthetics, and a certification in Dermaplaning and Lash lifts. In 2022 Taylor went off on her own with esthetics after also gaining some great experience under her belt. After a few years of growing on her own, she was searching for more with wanting to grow with a team and further her education/services. As your Esthetician her mission is to make you feel comfortable in your skin, welcome & valued. Taylor currently lives in Dover NH, with her sister and 2 kitties. When she isn’t waxing eyebrows and lifting lashes, she loves to spend time cooking, being active, being at the beach, and spending time with her friends and family. REBECCA HARMON, RN Rebecca Harmon is a Registered Nurse with over ten years of clinical experience and a passion for natural, confidence-enhancing aesthetic treatments. Known for her warm personality, attention to detail, and ability to make patients feel comfortable and cared for, Rebecca takes pride in delivering personalized treatments tailored to each client’s goals. Rebecca earned her Associate of Science in Nursing from the New England Institute of Technology in Rhode Island. Throughout her nursing career, she has gained broad clinical experience in maternity care, medical-surgical nursing, long-term care, and skilled nursing settings. Rebecca has been receiving aesthetic injections herself for more than 15 years, sparking a deep appreciation for subtle, natural-looking enhancements. She is a Certified Medical Aesthetic Injector and trained in InMode Optimas technologies, allowing her to provide advanced laser and energy-based treatments. Her favorite treatments to perform include neuromodulators (tox) and Diolaze laser hair removal, where she enjoys helping clients achieve smooth, refreshed results with minimal downtime. Fun facts: Rebecca is married to a one-legged lobsterman. She lives in Maine with her husband, and together they share four children, one grandbaby, two dogs, and two cats. In her spare time she is usually learning, laughing, or doing laundry. REBECCA HARMON, RN Rebecca Harmon is a Registered Nurse with over ten years of clinical experience and a passion for natural, confidence-enhancing aesthetic treatments. Known for her warm personality, attention to detail, and ability to make patients feel comfortable and cared for, Rebecca takes pride in delivering personalized treatments tailored to each client’s goals. Rebecca earned her Associate of Science in Nursing from the New England Institute of Technology in Rhode Island and is currently enrolled in the RN-to-MSN program at Southern New Hampshire University, where she plans to pursue her Family Nurse Practitioner license, further expanding her clinical expertise and ability to care for patients. Throughout her nursing career, she has gained broad clinical experience in maternity care, medical-surgical nursing, long-term care, and skilled nursing settings. Rebecca has been receiving aesthetic injections herself for more than 15 years, sparking a deep appreciation for subtle, natural-looking enhancements. She is a Certified Medical Aesthetic Injector and trained in InMode Optimas technologies, allowing her to provide advanced laser and energy-based treatments. Her favorite treatments to perform include neuromodulators (tox) and Diolaze laser hair removal, where she enjoys helping clients achieve smooth, refreshed results with minimal downtime. Fun facts: Rebecca is married to a one-legged lobsterman. She lives in Maine with her husband, and together they share four children, one grandbaby, two dogs, and two cats. In her spare time she is usually learning, laughing, or doing laundry. CASSIDY SLEEPER, LE Cassidy is a Licensed Esthetician with over five years of experience providing personalized skincare treatments that deliver both results and relaxation. She specializes in acne focused skincare, helping clients improve their skin health and confidence! Known for her calming touch and attention to detail, Cassidy incorporates therapeutic facial massage techniques into her treatments to create a relaxing and rejuvenating experience. She believes that effective skincare should not only improve the appearance of the skin but also promote overall well being. When she's not in the treatment room, Cassidy enjoys spending quality time with her family, soaking up lake days, and expressing her creativity through all things crafty. As she embraces the exciting journey of becoming a wife and new mother, she brings the same warmth, compassion, and dedication to her clients that she values in her personal life. Her goal is to provide a welcoming environment where clients can unwind, feel cared for, and leave feeling refreshed, confident, and glowing. LYNNE HANLON, Massage Therapist Lynne Hanlon is a longtime Seacoast Licensed Holistic Massage Therapist with over 20 years’ experience. She trained at the Spa Tech Institute in Portland Maine.With a focus on Swedish, Deep Tissue and Polarity Therapy. In addition, she has an extensive history of working in the mental health field. These two careers have contributed to her love of both physical and mental health and wellbeing. This shines through in her work with clients providing them with an integrated, intuitive and healing massage. She is often described as having “magic hands”, creating a serene and professional environment that leaves her clients filled with gratitude. Her dedication to healing shines thru with every massage. In her spare time Lynne can often be found with family exploring the great outdoors. She is very excited to be joining the HERA team!. MARILYN MINER, Massage Therapist Marilyn is a licensed massage therapist with ten years of experience. Her study of body work began in Hawaii where she attended Kalani School of Massage, training in lymphatic drainage, Lomi Lomi massage, reiki, EFT, and various aquatic massage modalities. Marilyn also completed programs in Thai massage in Thailand and craniosacral therapy in New Hampshire. She has integrated these techniques into her bodywork practice. Marilyn's practice has evolved into a treatment-oriented approach designed to address the unique needs of individual clients. Her philosophy is rooted in the belief that you are your body’s greatest ally, and her intention with this work is to honor the connection between mind and body. Marilyn lives locally with her partner and two large dogs and is a dedicated part-time nanny. When not tending to small children or working with clients, she is often found near the water, camping or hiking. She looks forward to being part of your wellness journey at Hera Skin and Wellness. MARILYN MINER, Massage Therapist Marilyn is a licensed massage therapist with ten years of experience. Her study of body work began in Hawaii where she attended Kalani School of Massage, training in lymphatic drainage, Lomi Lomi massage, reiki, EFT, and various aquatic massage modalities. Marilyn also completed programs in Thai massage in Thailand and craniosacral therapy in New Hampshire. She has integrated these techniques into her bodywork practice. Marilyn's practice has evolved into a treatment-oriented approach designed to address the unique needs of individual clients. Her philosophy is rooted in the belief that you are your body’s greatest ally, and her intention with this work is to honor the connection between mind and body. Marilyn lives locally with her partner and two large dogs and is a dedicated part-time nanny. When not tending to small children or working with clients, she is often found near the water, camping or hiking. She looks forward to being part of your wellness journey at Hera Skin and Wellness. LYNNE HANLON Lynne Hanlon is a longtime Seacoast Licensed Holistic Massage Therapist with over 20 years’ experience. She trained at the Spa Tech Institute in Portland Maine.With a focus on Swedish, Deep Tissue and Polarity Therapy. In addition, she has an extensive history of working in the mental health field. These two careers have contributed to her love of both physical and mental health and wellbeing. This shines through in her work with clients providing them with an integrated, intuitive and healing massage. She is often described as having “magic hands”, creating a serene and professional environment that leaves her clients filled with gratitude. Her dedication to healing shines thru with every massage. In her spare time Lynne can often be found with family exploring the great outdoors. She is very excited to be joining the HERA team!. READY TO SCHEDULE YOUR BEAUTY TREATMENT? 603-427-8200 570-330-HERA CALL FOR CONSULTATION BOOK NOW Please contact us at info@heraskinandwellness.com for all questions and inquiries Contact 875 Greenland Rd Suite A9 Portsmouth, NH 03801 603-427-8200 info@heraskinandwellness.com 875 Greenland Rd Suite A9 Portsmouth, NH 03801 570-330-HERA info@heraskinandwellness.com Find Us On Facebook Instagram Working Hours Monday: 10:30 AM To 06:30 PM Tuesday: 08:30 AM To 08:30 PM Wednesday: 08:30 AM To 07:00 PM Wednesday: 08:30 AM To 07:00 PM Thursday: 08:30 AM To 07:00 PM Friday: 08:30 AM To 07:00 PM Saturday: 09:00 AM To 05:30 PM @ 2026 Hera Skin and Wellness, All Rights Reserved | Sitemap Site Developed and Maintained By: Menu Home About Us About Us Policies Services Facials Glass Facial in Portsmouth, NH Dermaplaning in Portsmouth, NH Eye & Brow Enhancements in Portsmouth, NH Waxing in Portsmouth, NH Massage & Body Work in Portsmouth, NH Harmonic Resonance in Portsmouth, NH Head Spa in Portsmouth, NH Injectables in Portsmouth, NH Neurotoxins in Portsmouth, NH Sculptra in Portsmouth, NH Dermal Filler in Portsmouth, NH Skinvive in Portsmouth, NH PRF EZ Gel Treatments in Portsmouth, NH Radiant GLO in Portsmouth, NH Laser Skin Resurfacing in Portsmouth, NH Lumecca® IPL DiolazeXL® Laser Hair Removal Vasculaze™ Vascular Lesion Treatment Microneedling in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 Body in Portsmouth, NH Divine Glo™ in Portsmouth, NH KeraLase Hair Restoration in Portsmouth, NH Medical Weight Management in Portsmouth, NH Body Contouring Evolve Tone in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8 Body in Portsmouth, NH Women’s Wellness VTone in Portsmouth, NH FormaV in Portsmouth, NH Morpheus8V in Portsmouth, NH Add-Ons Gallery Payment Plans Cherry Membership GLO Fund Reviews SPECIALS Blogs Contact Us SHOP 603-427-8200 info@heraskinandwellness.com 570-330-HERA info@heraskinandwellness.com SELF ASSESSMENT BOOK NOW Facebook Instagram Call Now Button