Medspa in Dover New Hampshire | Untouched Allure Home About Pricing Injectables Memberships Lasers & Light Skincare Facials Microneedling Location & Parking Book Now contact us 24 chestnut street suite 4 dover, nh 03820 (603) 241-6371 Pricing Services About Home | CLOSE | Studio Policies untouchedallurenh@gmail.com Membership Payment Plans Book Now contact us 24 chestnut street suite 4 dover, nh 03820 (603) 241-6371 Injectables Facials Skincare Home | CLOSE | RF Microneedling untouchedallurenh@gmail.com Skin Resurfacing Laser Hair Removal Book Now MEDSPA IN DOVER, NH REFINED BALANCED UNTOUCHED A modern approach to aesthetics focused on subtle enhancements and long-term skin health. Medspa in Dover, NH How We Help Payment Plans Through Cherry Apply Now What Our Clients Say "Leana was amazing!! She gave me exactly what I was looking for while being so informative throughout the process which helped calm my nerves. She has a light hand and it was a very comfortable experience. I can’t wait to see all my friends and family so I can show off my new look. Thank you Leana you’re the best!!!!" -heather h. -Mary D "Leana is the absolute best! I've never bruised at any injection spot. She is incredibly professional and a master at what she does!!" "Leana was such a pleasure to meet with today. She explained my procedures for my upcoming visit. She is amazing with her experience, I feel totally comfortable seeing her again." -kathleen b "Leana explains everything as she goes which I find helpful. She's very professional, offers amazing services and truly cares about her clients concerns and addresses them. Highly recommend!" -kimberly s. Provider Meet your Leana M. Thomas Leana is a Board-Certified Nurse Practitioner with over 20 years of experience caring for hearts in the cardiac world. All that time studying veins and arteries means one thing: when it comes to your face, you’re in the safest hands possible. She knows exactly how to steer clear of all those important vessels so you can relax, knowing precision is her specialty. But Leana didn’t stop there—she trained at the National Laser Institute and received personal mentorship from nationally recognized trainer Tara Delle Chaie, giving her the artistry and confidence to bring out your most natural glow. Still part-time in the hospital, Leana followed her passion into aesthetics, where she’s all about subtle, natural results that make people say, “Wow, you look so refreshed!”—without anyone suspecting a thing. At Untouched Allure, her motto is simple: natural, balanced beauty. And if your dream look veers into the land of “too much,” Leana isn’t shy about saying no. Because here, it’s all about enhancing your features—not hiding them. MSN, AGPCNP-BC Book Now Book Now Contact Services About Home Pricing Studio Policies (603) 241-6371 24 chestnut street suite 4 dover, nh 03820 contact us send By entering your phone number and email, you are agreeing to receive text messages and emails from Untouched Allure Medical Aesthetics PLLC Message & data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Reply HELP for more information. You can reply STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to opt-out. See our Privacy Policy for additional details. message phone email name Contact Thank you! Your form has been submitted and you will receive a response within 48 hours. | designed and managed by HSB Media Group LLC | | 2025 Untouched Allure Medical Aesthetics PLLC | 24 Chestnut St. Suite 4 Dover, NH 03820 info@untouchedallure.com 603.241.6371 home book now Contact Us | privacy policy | | terms and conditions | | cookie policy | | acceptable use | | disclaimer | | DMCA Policy | | accessibility statement |