About | Maine Coast Medical Aesthetics Home Services Gallery About Giftcards & Promotions MAINE COAST MEDICAL AESTHETICS Where Aesthetics Meets Excellence At Maine Coast Medical Aesthetics, we are a team of certified beauty professionals dedicated to your well-being. Our mission is to help you feel confident and radiant in your own skin. We offer personalized, safe, and effective skincare and wellness treatments tailored to your unique needs. Using state-of-the-art, industry-approved technology, our carefully selected and highly trained team ensures the highest quality care. We’d love to meet you—contact us today to get started! Jennifer McIntire, FNP-C, AGACNP-BC I am a Nurse Practitioner with over 15 years of healthcare experience in emergency/trauma, cardiac, hospice, and general inpatient medicine. I have turned my love of caring for critically ill patients with complicated wounds and skin conditions into my dream of caring for healthy patients who want to slow the aging process and transform their skin. I have a passion for holistically caring for my patients, not just understanding skin type, but history, lifestyle, diet, and regimen. I look forward to helping you transform your skin with realistic and natural results. Each of our services is carefully designed to fit your unique needs, and our highly experienced staff is ready to support you every step of the way. Reach out today to learn more. Book with Jennifer Shannon Hooper – Licensed Aesthetician I am a passionate and dedicated aesthetician who has been licensed in the state of Maine since 2021 with a commitment to enhancing natural beauty and treating the skin concerns of patients through a personalized combination of skincare education and treatments. With multiple years of experience in the industry not only as a provider, but working in a boutique focused on medical grade skincare products, I bring a comprehensive understanding of skincare techniques, product knowledge, patient care and an eye for detail. I thrive on helping patients feel confident in their skin and educating them on the best practices to reach and maintain their skin goals! Book with Shannon Contact Us 374 US Route 1 Suite 5 Yarmouth, ME 04096 207-607-9974 Follow Follow Follow Visit Us At 374 US Route 1 Suite 5 Yarmouth, ME 04096 207-607-9974 mainecoastmedicalaesthetics@gmail.com Find Us On Follow Follow Book A Treatment Home Contact Us FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM @mainecoastmedicalaesthetics Follow on Instagram Powered by Local Image | Privacy Policy