Inbloom Health + Medispa | Anti-aging & Wellness in Londonderry Request Consultation Book Online Membership Book Online (603) 818-8777 Londonderry, NH Book Online Menu Book Online Appointment (603) 818-8777 Back All Treatments About Us Patient Resources Shop Gallery Testimonials Contact Us Careers Injectables & Fillers Botox Dermal Fillers Sculptra PRF | PRP Radiesse Lip Filler Cheek Filler Ozempic Face Treatment Skin Treatments Microneedling RF Microneedling Skinwave Facial Skin Tightening PDO Thread Lifts BioRePeelCI3 Chemical Peels SKINVIVE Skincare Laser & Energy Laser Skin Treatments Laser Hair Removal Laser Resurfacing Subnovii Sofwave IPL Laser Genesis Wellness Wellness Overview HRT Hypothyroidism Sexual Health Weight Loss Menopause & Perimenopause Treatment ThermiVa Body Sculpting CoolSculpting Physiq Z Wave Conditions Acne Rosacea Melasma Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND Providers Meet The Team In The Media Payment Plans Membership Blog Events & Offers Accessibility (603) 818-8777 Appointment Your Beauty Collective Medical Spa located in Londonderry, NH Winner of 5 awards in the 2025 Best of the 603 - Best Medspa, Best Aesthetic Medicine, Best Women's Clinic, Best Weight Loss Center, and Best Esthetician. Welcome to Inbloom Health + Medispa Let your beauty blossom Welcome to Inbloom, Londonderry’s Premier Medispa Inbloom Health + Medispa is a premier medispa offering aesthetic and wellness treatments in Londonderry, New Hampshire. Our team of aesthetic medical providers tailors treatments to meet your specific goals in order to achieve optimal results. We strive to be the best medispa Londonderry has to offer. The practice exudes an elegant, personalized boutique environment where patients receive the treatments they desire to look and feel beautiful. We welcome new patients and look forward to helping you achieve your anti-aging, whole-body, and wellness goals. Our services extend to surrounding areas such as Windham, Derry, Pelham, Hudson, Salem, Bedford, and Manchester. Body Sculpting CoolSculpting Physiq Z Wave Injectables Botox Dermal Fillers Sculptra PRF | PRP Radiesse Laser & Energy Treatments Laser Skin Treatments Laser Hair Removal Laser Resurfacing Subnovii IPL Laser Genesis Sofwave Skin Treatments Microneedling RF Microneedling Skinwave Facial Skin Tightening PDO Thread Lifts BioRePeelCI3 Skincare Wellness Wellness Overview Hormone Replacement Therapy Hypothyroid Sexual Health Weight Loss NEW PATIENT SPECIAL New Patients get $50 off any treatment *Minimum purchase of $200. Terms and conditions apply Book Now Meet Dr. Tanya Lawson, ND Wellness & Anti-Aging Specialist Since 2006, Tanya Lawson, ND, has assisted individuals in achieving their health and aesthetic objectives. As a licensed naturopathic doctor, she has completed extensive training in a variety of wellness and anti-aging treatments , including injectables (Botox, fillers, PRP), weight loss, and laser. Her individualized approach enables her to identify the underlying reasons for aging skin concerns, such as dull skin, acne, exhaustion, hormone difficulties, thyroid problems, digestive problems, weight gain, and stress. Wellness is also a significant component of her work, as your overall wellness can have a profound effect on your look. Dr. Lawson’s expertise puts her in elite company as one of the few naturopathic medispa owners in the region . She belongs to the American Academy of Anti-Aging Medicine and the New Hampshire Association of Naturopathic Doctors. She has spoken at national conferences and written for trade publications. Additionally, Dr. Lawson has been featured as a wellness expert in print, radio, and television. Feel and Look Your Best Combining Naturopathic + Medispa Best Practices Inbloom Health + Medispa offers a comprehensive approach to patient health, wellness, and beauty. Our aesthetic medical experts work with patients to develop personalized treatments that best suit their unique needs and preferences. Patients suffering from fine lines, wrinkles, acne, age spots, skin laxity, spider veins, stubborn body fat, and more can turn to our experienced aesthetic medical experts at Inbloom Health + Medispa for top-quality care. Cutting-edge treatments, personalized medical care, and non-invasive medical aesthetics are at the forefront of Dr. Lawson’s philosophy and practice. With nearly 20 years of experience , Dr. Lawson is the only licensed naturopathic doctor in Londonderry. Many clients visit us because their existing therapies aren't working. Hormonal imbalance, digestive issues, exhaustion, stress, anxiety, and the majority of problems seen in family medicine are common conditions Dr. Lawson may address. In addition, Botox, CoolSculpting, laser skin treatments, and injectables are examples of aesthetic therapies offered at Inbloom Health + Medispa. Meet Our Team If you’re looking for a medispa experience that is as uplifting and fun as it is effective, look no further than Inbloom! Our highly-trained medical aesthetic providers love sharing their beauty and health secrets, all while making you look and feel stunning in the process. It’s always a beautiful day when we get to spend some time with you! Meet the team office Gallery View Gallery Inbloom Health + MediSpa Featured Treatments Stop and Smell the Roses At Inbloom Health + Medispa, our patients experience premium care without feeling rushed or like a number. Tanya Lawson, ND, and the other practitioners have trained with some of the top anti-aging and aesthetic doctors in the world , so our Londonderry medispa patients always have access to advanced, up-to-date, innovative technology and procedures. Inbloom Health + Medispa offers CoolSculpting®, Physiq, Botox®, RF Microneedling, Cutera Xeo®, Skinwave Facial, Dysport®, Juvéderm®, Restylane®, Kybella®, Sculptra®, InstaLift™, and more to give patients the youthful beauty or aesthetic look they desire without surgery or downtime. Injectables CoolSculpting RF Microneedling Physiq Body Contouring Laser Treatments Weight Loss Plump & Glow Londonderry Injectables Inbloom Health + Medispa in Londonderry, New Hampshire, has anti-aging specialists who perform injectable treatments using a variety of dermal fillers, such as Juvederm, Restylane, Versa, RHA, Sculptra, and Radiesse to help you look younger and radiantly more beautiful. Injectables Stay Chill CoolSculpting in Londonderry Losing weight can often feel like a losing battle. We’re here to help you understand why the weight isn’t coming off and how CoolSculpting® Elite can blast away stubborn fat . Our clinic has a 99.6 percent success record with this incredible non-surgical fat removal technique. CoolSculpting No Filters Needed Londonderry RF Microneedling Experience advanced medical aesthetics care with VirtueRF, the next generation of RF Microneedling and the first RF Microneedling platform! VirtueRF treats acne scars, fine lines, and wrinkles. You'll go "filter-free" and "make-up-free" in no time. RF Microneedling Shape Shifter Physiq Body Contouring in Londonderry Physiq is a body contouring treatment that targets and tightens your muscles and skin . Check out how this revolutionary treatment is shaking up the weight-loss game and helping you finally get the body of your dreams. A toned figure has always been out of reach—until now. Physiq Body Contouring On Point Londonderry Laser Treatments If you’ve been hearing about laser therapy but aren’t sure if it’s right for you, you’re in the right place. Take a closer look at how you can benefit from these advanced treatments . Discover how laser hair removal and laser skin resurfacing treatments can help your skin feel radiant! Laser Treatments Your New Beauty Bestie Weight Loss in Londonderry If you're struggling to lose weight, Inbloom Health + Medispa can help. This program is customized to your body, weight loss goals, and preferences like food and activity. Medically supervised weight reduction programs have helped over 80,000 people lose weight. Let our naturopathic approach find a way for you to get the weight off and find a healthier balance. Weight Loss Skin Care in Full Bloom Skin Care in Londonderry At Inbloom, we offer effective medical-grade skincare and high end supplements for all skin types. Let our medical aesthetic professionals pair you with the right treatments to get the results you want. Spriig Skin Better Alastin Fullscript Curated by Beauty Experts Join our Monthly VIP Medispa Membership We offer a VIP program that acts as a monthly membership service. You have the opportunity to come in once a month to receive a selected service as part of your membership. In addition, you'll have an opportunity to upgrade and receive specific VIP discounts. Medispa Membership The Inbloom Medispa Blog Knowledge is Beauty CoolSculpting® Elite Fight Stubborn Fat Laser Therapy 5 Skin Benefits PHYSIQ® Get the body of your dreams Inbloom Health + Medispa Testimonials High Standard Of Care Dr. Lawson and her team at Inbloom Health have truly set the bar high for patient care and service. From the initial consult to follow-ups; Dr. Lawson's meticulous attention to detail and genuine concern for her patients' well-being shine through. The office is gorgeous and immediately puts you at ease. I could not be happier with my care and experience and highly recommend to anyone looking for amazing results. —Melissa M. Loving The Service This is my second time coming to Inbloom and I love it! The office is beautiful and everyone is super kind. I see Claudia, RN for my treatments and she is lovely! She explains everything so thoroughly and I feel wonderful after every visit with her here! —Audra M. Wonderful Staff I had the most wonderful experience here at Inbloom Health. I saw Nurse Claudia and she is the best! I trust her with my life! I met Dr. Lawson and she was very kind! Front desk and rest of the staff was also wonderful. I will be coming back regularly! —Autumn L. Professional And Warm Let me tell you this office is professional, warm, and informative! I’ve been going to Inbloom for 2 years now for signature facials, and recently a dermal filler. Kellie is outstanding with the facials and she couldn’t have made me feel more comfortable! Tera performed my dermal filler which I was nervous about BUT she turned that right around. Each step was explained, she checked with me often throughout the procedure to make sure I was feeling okay, and again the level of comfort was hands down the best! I will continue to recommend Inbloom to everyone I know. The results for both treatments were and continue to be fabulous! —Anna M. Inbloom Health + Medispa is exceptional “As I am not someone who typically writes reviews, I think Inbloom Health + Medispa is exceptional and want everyone to know!!! Dr. Lawson is honest, gentle and EXTREMELY knowledgeable. I'm thrilled with my results and truly believed at 61 years old it wouldn't make a difference. But, I was wrong!...THANK YOU INBLOOM!!! :))” —Judith D. Chester, NH, Satisfied patient The Best!! “I've been to quite a few places for filler and this is by far the best experience I have ever had. The doctor is very professional and knowledgeable about all things. She does an incredible job, I'm excited to try out other services they offer!” —Jenn R., Boston, MA, Satisfied Filler patient I Am Very Impressed With Dr. Lawson "She doesn't just tell me what I want to hear…she is honest about my personal potential for results…Her staff is very experienced and professional too. I highly recommend InBloom Health & Medispa to anyone!” —Jeannie C., Plaistow, NH, Satisfied patient Friendly & Professional “Dr. Lawson and her staff are wonderful—very friendly and professional. The office is inviting… Love the pink and cream with crystal chandeliers. Most importantly, the services are top-notch. Dr. Lawson has performed two types of laser treatments on my face for scar tissue from skin cancer. … I highly recommend InBloom for your medispa services.” —Laurie B., Mount Pleasant, SC, Satisfied patient Best Interest In Mind "My experience with Dr. Lawson was amazing! I've known her for more than two years and I only trust her with my face not only because of her professionalism and expertise but also because she always has my best interest at heart." -Stella E Highly Recommend! “InBloom is calming, beautiful, and filled with knowledgeable staff. I look forward to my facials and always walk out feeling refreshed and beautiful. Dr. Lawson is one of a kind and always so supportive and honest and gracious with her time and treatments!" —Christina B., Windham, NH, Satisfied patient Friendly, Kind & Helpful "I began seeing Dr. Lawson about three months ago. Her office is clean and welcoming. My first visit was a consult and Dr. Lawson spent time with me explaining my options and answering questions. I felt as if she genuinely cared about me and wanted to ensure I chose the right treatment based on my wants and needs. Not only is Dr. Lawson great but her staff are incredible. They are friendly, kind, and helpful. It’s obvious they all love working at Inbloom and with Dr. Lawson." -Angela C Nothing Short Of Amazing "My experience with Dr. Lawson and her team has been nothing short of amazing. They are all professional and caring and not to mention knowledgeable. The office is clean and beautiful. The lip filler I received with Dr. Lawson came out beautifully and I couldn’t be happier. I look forward to trying other services available!" -Amanda R Her Work Is Amazing!!! "Dr. Lawson is absolutely the best! Not only is she so down to earth but she just makes you feel so comfortable! I am moving to GA soon and I promise you I will be flying back here just to see her! " -Brianna F View All Inbloom On Social Media BEAUTY IS RIGHT IN YOUR BACKYARD Follow us on social media and stay up to date with our latest transformations and monthly specials. Helping Your Beauty Grow Schedule Your Inbloom Health + Medispa Consultation Today Nothing is more important to us at Inbloom Health + Medispa than giving our patients the information they need to make the choices that are right for them and their health. Whether you are seeking wellness advice or interested in our medical aesthetic treatments, appointments may be made with Dr. Tanya Lawson and her staff right away, so stop on by and see us! We are pleased to extend our services to Londonderry, Windham, Derry, Pelham, Hudson, Salem, Bedford, and Manchester communities. Please call (603) 818-8777 or Book your treatment online now . If you have any questions please fill out the short contact form. 25 Buttrick Road, Suite C1, Londonderry, NH 03053 25 Buttrick Road, Suite C1, Londonderry NH 03053 Mon 9AM - 5PM Tues 9AM - 7PM Wed 9AM - 1PM Thurs 9AM - 7PM Fri 8AM - 4PM Sat & Sun Closed 5.0 from 148+ Reviews Medspa Marketing © 2026 Inbloom Health + Medispa All Rights Reserved | Sitemap | Services | Privacy Policy | Accessibility | Careers