Best Medical Spa In Boston | SkinHealth Centers Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 Book Now | Schedule Consultation Menu Home About About Us Cheryl Clarkson Daniel Townsend, MD Meet The Team Reviews Injectables BOTOX BOTOX for Neckbands Dermal Fillers Kybella Lip Fillers Micro-Injections Sculptra SKINVIVE Skin Rejuvenation Dermaplaning Ultherapy Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing IPL Photofacial Collagen Induction (Microneedling) RF Skin Tightening RF Microneedling PRP Face Bridal Beauty Services Chemical Peels Facials Microdermabrasion Neferfit Neck Lift Ozempic Face Permanent Makeup Threadlifts Hydrasonic Skin Therapy Eyelids Body Body Contouring & Skin Tightening Cellulite Reduction Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal VI Body Peel Hair PRP/PRF Hair Restoration Gallery Injectables Next Skin Rejuvenation Next Body Next Face Next Hair Next Back Botox & Wrinkle Relaxers Dermal Fillers Lip Filler Kybella Back Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing Microneedling Skin Tightening Back Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal Back Threadlifts Blepharoplasty Back PRP Hair Restoration Products Resources Patient Resources Buy Gift Card Financing Ask Cheryl (Articles) Specials Media Employment Opportunities Locations Boston Andover Location Wellesley Hills Contact Schedule Your Consultation Book Now Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 7814048740 Stay connected: facebook instagram youtube Boston’s Best Medical Spa Selected by Boston Common magazine SkinHealth Centers SkinHealth Centers is Boston’s leader in helping men & women Look fresh & vibrant at any age BOSTON’S BEST MED SPA This is the mission of SkinHealth Centers. Operating since 1999, SkinHealth Centers are located on Newbury Street in Boston and a second location in Wellesley. At SkinHealth Centers you’ll find the latest, proven methods to restore and maintain healthy-looking skin and a glowing complexion. We are experts in the field of facial rejuvenation for men and women, and we offer a range of cosmetic procedures, skin-care treatments, and skin-care products that help reverse the tell-tale signs of aging and sun exposure. Our Practice A Message from the Founder Cheryl Clarkson My Inspiration to found SkinHealth was my sister. We opened our first SkinHealth™ Centers in early 1999 to serve the patients of dermatologists and plastic surgeons. SkinHealth Centers are currently located in Boston and Wellesley and we are proud to be affiliated with the leading cosmetic surgeons throughout New England. I founded SkinHealth Centers for a personal reason: a mission to find a cure for malignant melanoma. That mission has opened up many other paths to helping our clients achieve fresh, vibrant skin at every stage of their life. We now offer an extensive array of skin care services, and are affiliated with New England’s premiere physicians in cosmetic medicine. Meet Cheryl Clarkson Injectables Located to Serve The Areas of Massachusetts Micro-Injections Botox Dermal Fillers Lip Fillers Kybella Where did thin lips and wrinkles go? People aren’t being created with improved genetics that avoids these signs of aging. Not yet anyways… The real secret that’s not such a secret anymore is the advancements in cosmetic injectables like BOTOX, wrinkle relaxers, and dermal fillers. With these breakthrough aesthetic treatments, anybody can live life wrinkle-free, add volume to their lips, remove a double chin, and have the lips they’ve always dreamed of! Injectables Skin Rejuvenation Vibrant At Any Age As the earth moves around the sun our faces change Either due to the damage from the blazing ball of fire above us, the days that turn into years, genetics, and other external factors. At SkinHealth Centers we provide our patients with skin rejuvenation techniques to combat sun damage, eliminate fine lines, reduce scarring, and much more! Our certified team of providers uses state-of-the-art technology that’s backed by science and is FDA approved. Skin Rejuvenation See Results RF Skin Tightening Collagen Induction IPL PhotoFacial Ultherapy Fractional Laser Before & After Patient Gallery Visit Our Photo Gallery Seeing is believing Face The Art of Beauty We’ve all heard the stats… we know zoom calls are up. Everyone wants to FaceTime now rather than call, and our looks have become increasingly more important. With so many influencers and celebrities being vocal about their aesthetic evolution, many find themselves wanting to hug the line between elegance and overdone. At SkinHealth Centers our face treatments are designed to look first and foremost NATURAL. By using customizable approaches to every patient and world-class treatments, we strive to not change the way you look but to accentuate your natural beauty. Face Treatments See Results Chemical Peels Dermaplanning Facials Microdermabrasion Threadlift Body While technology has greatly influenced how we see each other, it’s also improved the degree to which we can look. At SkinHealth Centers in Boston, we specialize in non-surgical body techniques to evaporate stubborn fat, smooth the skin, and remove unwanted hair. While the technical makeup of these devices may sound sci-fi, they are extremely safe, effective, and painless. Body Contouring & Skin Tightening Cellulite Reduction Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal VI Body Peel Hair Honestly, is there anything more frustrating than the loss of hair? Hair loss can affect our self-image, at times lead to depression, and hurt our self-confidence. We all want a full head of hair that we can style, curl, blow-dry, straighten, spray, comb, and more! The days of your dad’s toupe or awful hair plugs are long gone. There are now safe, effective, and natural solutions to combat hair loss! PRP/PRF Hair Restoration Eyelid Surgery Eyelid Surgery or Blepharoplasty Eyelid surgery or blepharoplasty corrects sagging, droopy eyelids as well as bags and bulges under the eyes. Daniel Townsend MD is a Harvard-trained, Board-certified and nationally-recognized ophthalmic plastic surgeon. Eyelid Surgery My Inspiration to found SkinHealth was my sister.” Cheryl Clarkson, Founder Skinhealth Centers Resources Patient Resources In the Media Fees & Financing Specials Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 © 2026 SkinHealth, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Website Design & Seo by MRKTMADE Privacy Policy | TOS | Sitemap Call Email Book Now