Maine Laser and Aesthetics,LLC,PA | Dr. Geraldine Ollila Home Meet the Team Treatments Botox Fillers Age & Sun Spot Removal Facial Vein & Rosacea Treatment Laser Hair Removal Laser Photo Rejuvenation Seborrheic Keratosis & Skin Tag Removal Tattoo Removal Co2 Laser Skin Resurfacing Microblading Microneedling Facial Services Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy Acute Care Lash Extensions Lash Lift & Tint / Brow Lamination and Tint Ear Lobe Repair Lip Blushing PHAZE BEAUTY Products Latisse Monthly Specials Patient Reviews Patient Information Book Client Portal Home Meet the Team Treatments Botox Fillers Age & Sun Spot Removal Facial Vein & Rosacea Treatment Laser Hair Removal Laser Photo Rejuvenation Seborrheic Keratosis & Skin Tag Removal Tattoo Removal Co2 Laser Skin Resurfacing Microblading Microneedling Facial Services Bio-Identical Hormone Replacement Therapy Acute Care Lash Extensions Lash Lift & Tint / Brow Lamination and Tint Ear Lobe Repair Lip Blushing PHAZE BEAUTY Products Latisse Monthly Specials Patient Reviews Patient Information Book Client Portal A more beautiful you starts here! Book a consultation Maine Laser and Aesthetics,LLC,PA is a full service aesthetic practice dedicated to helping you put your best face forward. CONSULTATIONS Interested in learning more about our services? Come in for a consultation with one of our knowledgeable practitioners. AESTHETIC TREATMENT Using advances in aesthetic medicine such as Botox , Juvederm , laser treatments, and more. Our amazing staff make our patients love the way they look and feel. Follow-up Request a follow up easily with our online patient portal, email, or give our office a call and we will do our best to accommodate your schedule. Our Office Modern and comfortable. Our office in Falmouth is equipped to provide you with the best care possible. Maine Laser and Aesthetics,LLC,PA has sought out the worlds' leading advances in aesthetic medicine to provide to its' patients. Dr. Ollila and her team work closely with leading aesthetic product providers so that they can offer their patients the best aesthetic treatments available. “ Love Dr. O :), she is honest and won’t do anything unless it is in your best interest. She will tell you if something is not for you and why. For her it’s not about selling you the kitchen sink. Her goal is to making you your best you. — MG ” Back to Top 21B Northbrook Drive, Falmouth, ME, 04105, United States (207) 805-8920 contact@mainela.com © 2018 Maine Laser and Aesthetics. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy