Donna Potter, NP | MedAestheticsByDonna top of page Call or text (508) 259 6634 Book Now! Gift Cards Commitment to patient safety, ethical practice, advocacy, and professional excellence in medical aesthetics throughout Massachusetts Treat Now, Pay Later Home About Us Our Story Donna Potter, NP Liz Zacharatos, RN, BSN Patient Stories Services Botox MicroTox, NasalTox, Theratox Fillers PeriLuxe Lip Line Refinement Coolsculpting Elite Sylfirm X Tetra Coolpeel Laser Regenerative Medicine Spider Veins Large Hand Veins PRX Derm Perfection Diamond Glow PRP/PDGF Collagen Induction PRP Cocktail Skinvive Kybella Allé Procedure Instructions All Botox Procedures Filler PeriLuxe Sylfirm X Tetra CoolPeel Laser PRX Derm Perfection PRP/PDGF Collagen Induction Therapy Skinvive Kybella Coolsculpting Spider Veins (legs) Spider Veins (face) Healthy Living Shop Skincare AlumierMD Skincare Skin Medica Full Scripts Other Skincare Contact us Payment Plans Contact More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. Meet Donna M. Potter, NP Advanced Botox and Dermal Filler Injector Certification in Microtox®, Nasaltox®, Theratox® Advanced Certification in Coolsculpting Certification in PDGF-BB Injection Allergan Consultant 2023-2024 ANCC Board Certified Nurse Practitioner since 1992 Developed The PeriLuxe™ Lipline Refinement Technique, “A specialized treatment to soften vertical lip and circum oral lines, improve lipstick retention, and restore a smoother, more youthful appearance around the mouth while maintaining natural expression” ​Lip restoration and enhancement techniques with Dr Tim Pearce in London and Michelle Doran, NP in the Boston Area, offering ring block anaesthesia for pain free lip treatment. Expert and trainer in Sclerotherapy for spider vein treatment. Cadaever and Cannula training with Dr Rainone "The Cannula King" Donna fell in love with Cape Cod during childhood summers and has called it home for over 20 years. A Masters prepared, Board-Certified Adult Nurse Practitioner with over 30 years of experience, she has spent more than 15 of those years specializing in Medical Aesthetics. Donna earned her Bachelor of Science in Nursing from the University of Vermont and her Master’s degree and Nurse Practitioner certification from UMass Medical Center in Worcester. ​ Continuously committed to excellence, Donna has completed advanced training in CoolSculpting and injectable techniques through Allergan Aesthetics. She has also mastered the 8-point lip filler technique under the guidance of Dr. Pearce in London and other lip filler techniques from Michelle Doran, NP, located on the North Shore. Known for her gentle touch, Donna offers a ring block for lip filler procedures, allowing for virtually painless treatment. She has finesse at treating upper lip lines as well. She is also certified in MicroTox®, NasalTox®, and TheraTox™ neurotoxin and PDGF injectable techniques through the InjectAbility Institute in California. Spider vein treatment remains one of her long-standing specialties. ​ At the heart of Donna’s practice is a commitment to helping clients age gracefully. She offers concierge-level, personalized care in a quiet, private setting, ensuring each client enjoys a unique and comfortable experience. Her calm demeanor and skilled hands foster a relaxed environment where natural-looking, beautiful results can be achieved. Every journey begins with a confidential consultation to develop a tailored treatment plan together. ​ Donna’s passion lies in enhancing not just outer appearance, but also boosting confidence, joy, and overall quality of life. She invites you to join her in becoming the best version of yourself. ​ When she's not working, Donna enjoys playing pickleball, golfing, relaxing on the beach, dining out, and spending time with friends and family. Enhancing beauty with natural results 923 Route 6A, Yarmouthport, MA 02675 *Next to Natty's Nails , Across from Peterson's market 508-259-6634 © 2023 by Donna Potter. Powered and secured by Wix bottom of page