Medical Spa in Salem NH - Botox, weight loss, fillers top of page Home Our Team Services Locations Salem New Hampshire Rochester New Hampshire Hampton Falls New Hampshire Contact Gallery Payment Plans ZO® Skin Health Online Booking Referral Program Monthly Specials Medical Spa in Salem New Hampshire RichSkin's original Medical Spa location in Salem, New Hampshire. Offering a comprehensive range of aesthetics, weight loss and wellness treatments. Click here to book online Schedule Your Free Consultation Today! First Name Last Name Email Phone Message Send Thanks for submitting! RichSkin Medical Aesthetics With over 13 years of professional experience in the Aesthetics and Wellness industry, we deliver transformative results you can trust. Address 24 STILES ROAD, SUITE 201A SALEM, NEW HAMPS HIRE 03079 Get Directions Services Offering ALL of our medical, aesthetics, wellness and weight loss services: ​Neurotoxins (ie Botox, Jeuveau, Daxxify, Dysport, Xeomin) Botox Treatments Dermal Fillers Laser Hair Removal LaseMD Ultra and Genius Total Skin Solution Microneedling with RF and/or PRP Venus Versa Skin Resurfacing, Skin Tightening and Body Contouring, Tribella Vampire Facials (aka PRP) Aqua Gold Facial Kybella Intense Pulsed Light AcDual Acne Treatment Hair Restoration Chemical Peels IV Vitamin Infusions Sclerotherapy Dermaplanning Click here to book online RichSkin Institute (RSI) RSI offers medical directorship and education to RNs looking to break into the field of Medical Aesthetics Learn More JW, RichSkin Client “After some not so great lip fillers in the past, I decided to give Dan a try and I'm more than happy I did. My lips are amazing and I had little to no swelling and no bruising at all! I'm going to be a forever client of his." AS, RichSkin Client "I won't go anywhere else for Botox or Fillers. Tara and Dan are the most professional and kindest people I've ever encountered in this field. They are so knowledgeable and are truly there to make you look and feel your best! I've never felt better! Look no further!" KB, RichSkin Client “Beautiful, clean, professional and very talented. I would not dare to go anywhere else.” Salem, NH Medical Spa Location Visit our Salem New Hampshire Medical Spa SEO BY Law Firm SEO Pro Areas We Serve Offering ALL of our medical, aesthetics, wellness and weight loss services to the following locations: New Hampshire: Salem, NH Windham, NH Derry, NH Londonderry, NH Pelham, NH Atkinson, NH Hampstead, NH Plaistow, NH Danville, NH Newton, NH Sandown, NH Hudson, NH Massachusetts: Methuen, MA Andover, MA North Andover, MA Lawrence, MA Haverhill, MA Tewksbury, MA Wilmington, MA Boston, MA © 2023 RichSkinLLC dan.richard@richskin.com 603.928.7148 ​ ​ bottom of page