Reviews | SkinHealth Centers Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 Book Now | Schedule Consultation Menu Home About About Us Cheryl Clarkson Daniel Townsend, MD Meet The Team Reviews Injectables BOTOX BOTOX for Neckbands Dermal Fillers Kybella Lip Fillers Micro-Injections Sculptra SKINVIVE Skin Rejuvenation Dermaplaning Ultherapy Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing IPL Photofacial Collagen Induction (Microneedling) RF Skin Tightening RF Microneedling PRP Face Bridal Beauty Services Chemical Peels Facials Microdermabrasion Neferfit Neck Lift Ozempic Face Permanent Makeup Threadlifts Hydrasonic Skin Therapy Eyelids Body Body Contouring & Skin Tightening Cellulite Reduction Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal VI Body Peel Hair PRP/PRF Hair Restoration Gallery Injectables Next Skin Rejuvenation Next Body Next Face Next Hair Next Back Botox & Wrinkle Relaxers Dermal Fillers Lip Filler Kybella Back Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing Microneedling Skin Tightening Back Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal Back Threadlifts Blepharoplasty Back PRP Hair Restoration Products Resources Patient Resources Buy Gift Card Financing Ask Cheryl (Articles) Specials Media Employment Opportunities Locations Boston Andover Location Wellesley Hills Contact Schedule Your Consultation Book Now Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 7814048740 Stay connected: facebook instagram youtube Real Patient Reviews Home Patient Resources Reviews Patient Reviews from Yelp & Google Daniele M. (6/17/2022) “Dr. Dan is the Botox Man. I recently had threading done as well & I couldn’t be happier with my experience. He and his staff made me feel comfortable and at home. They work together to make sure you have the best experience possible. I look forward to my next appointment.” Renee H. (3/29/2022) I was very happy with my visit to the SkinHealth Center in Boston. Dr. Townsend is patient and professional in his approach. I couldn’t be more pleased with my results! Sally A. (5/15/2002) “I think your staff is fantastic.. The explanation of the treatment that I was looking for was explained Perfect… I would recommend them to anyone…” Collen B. Hampstead, NH (2/2/2021) “THE BEST! I have been coming to SkinHealth for about two years now and a review is long over due. They have the best staff, products, and techniques/equipment I have experienced in the Industry. Dr. T is one of the most warm and caring people I have ever met, and he is a perfectionist at everything he does. Cheryl, who is owner and manager is an absolute pleasure to talk to and is a wonderful resource when discussing the best procedure or product for your aesthetic goals. She is extremely knowledgeable and experienced in the field, as well as welcoming and kind, which is important given I was always nervous about new procedures. I throughly enjoy every time I have an appointment there and look forward to my next. The office is spotlessly clean and has a relaxing environment and friendly staff. If you are looking for a place in Boston that can accommodate all of your needs, SkinHealth is definitely it.” Trisha S. Boston, MA (1/30/2021) “The owner and all of the staff always make you feel right at home. Wonderful environment and not overpriced like some other skin health shops. Great quality and great results.” Michelle T. Boston, MA (11/19/2020) “1. Extra safety precautions. 2. Nurse was fantastic! She was thorough and made sure we had the best treatment plan as I had some prior hiccups. 3. Caught a serious medical condition by paying attention to my concerns. Took extra time with me.” Lynne S. East Weymouth, MA (10/04/2020) “Best skin center I have been to in Boston and the suburbs. Everyone is very caring and helpful always. Don’t push you into anything but will help you when have questions. Love this place.” Pat J. Plano, TX (9/16/2020) “SkinHealth Centers offers sensible, high quality services and products. I trust my skin to Cheryl’s team of professionals. And I feel safe! SGC never recommends something that’s not right for my skin. I had a brow tint &wax and a glycolic peel today. Once my skin calms, I’ll go back for microneedling. I’m also considering PRP because I know it works.” Nancy G. Rockland, MA (9/10/2020) “Dr. And staff were very professional. Very clear and thorough informing me of an upcoming procedure. Great experience.” Lisa S. San Francisco, CA (8/20/2020) “Everyone was happy and friendly. Dr. Townsend spent quality time explaining the procedure in detail.” Debra B. Boston, MA (8/17/2020) “I had a microblade facial and brow tint with Reeli. I am very impressed with the safety precautions that SkinHealth takes, and I left feeling like a new person after my treatments! Wonderful facial and my brows look fabulous.” Eve C. Allston, MA (7/16/2020) “This place is the best hands down they make you feel comfortable and in good hands and super clean definitely going back” Katherine S. San Francisco, CA (6/30/2020) “After a glowing referral from a friend, I decided to go to SkinHealth Centers in Back Bay to help get rid of my my forehead wrinkles. I had previous treatments in New York, but wanted a location in Boston that I could trust. WOW is all I can say. Due to the craziness surrounding Covid-19, I was weary of going to do an elective procedure. However all of my concerns were alleviated from the moment I got off the elevator and was greeted with hand sanitizer, my temperature taken (touchless), filling out a covid exposure form, and what I can only assume (but am positive was) a smile from behind the owners mask. It only got better from there, Sofia was incredibly thorough in analyzing my problem areas, and together we came up with what we thought the best plan of action was. I felt zero pressure to have any additional injections and she was very professional and super friendly. Plus, her skin was flawless so I knew I was in the best hands. I couldn’t be happier with my results, and have already referred a friend who went and had the same experience. SkinHealth Centers will be my go to for Botox, and I can’t wait to try the dozens of other treatments they have! Thank you so much for making a typically uncomfortable experience into what felt like a spa treatment!” M.J. Sharon, MA (6/28/2020) “Great staff and great services. I’ve had several appointments and I have been very pleased with all of the services I’ve received! Everyone is fantastic!” Jenny C. Walpole, MA (1/20/2019 “I came here for lip injections with Jennifer and I love the outcome! She is very nice and professional and she made sure I was satisfied with the outcome. Definitely recommend going here :)” Lauren B. Arlington, MA (12/17/2019) “My first experience at SkinHealth centers was amazing!!!!!! I’ve been doing some serious research on places to go to get lip filler, I’ve been wanting them done for a few years my lips have always been my insecurity. But after seeing SkinHealth centers great reviews and their social media accounts (Instagram) I knew this was the place for me I loved the work I saw and was so impressed with the reviews! And it was the best decision I’ve made! As soon as I got into the office I was greeted by the sweet, friendly, and very welcoming secretary! Within a few minutes my nurse Erin came out to greet me, she was very sweet, bubbly, and made me feel very comfortable. We talked a little about what I wanted as an end result from the shape and how big I wanted them. I was also nervous because it was my first time ever getting fillers. But boy did Erin make my experience amazing! She took me step by step of what she was doing when she was doing it and that made it a lot more comfortable for me! I’m so happy with the results so!!!” I’m still in Awww about the results and that I finally have the lips I always wanted!!! She did such an amazing job and I’m so happy and in love!! I will definitely be coming back for more fillers and to check out the other services that they offer!” Jenn S. Boston, MA (12/15/2019) “It has been a great experience coming to SkinHealth Centers. I got a consultation years ago and this fall decided to get another. I met with Jennifer who was wonderful. I never felt like I was getting pressure to do all the work just a sincere consultation. In September I made my first appointment with Dr. Townsend. He is down to earth and I felt truly cares about the patient. He was excellent. Cheryl is a joy. She always remembers my name and has taken the time to speak with me regarding concerns or questions. I highly recommended SkinHealth Centers. I trust them and more importantly they care and it shows.” Lauren B. Arlington, MA (12/5/2019) “My first time at SkinHealth center on Newbury street was a great experience. I went specifically for lip injections. I’ve been wanting to get my lips done for year because I have no lips (they actually vanish when I smile) and it was always a huge insecurity of mine. After doing my research I found SkinHealth Center and read nothing but good reviews and ended up seeing their work on social media and fell in love and knew I needed to go there. As soon as I got into the waiting area, I was greeted but the secretary who was very sweet and welcoming. Within a few minutes Erin the nurse came out to greet m, she was very sweet, bubbly, and made me feel very comfortable. We talked a little on what I wanted, I was also nervous since it was my first time ever getting fillers. Buy boy did Erin make my experience amazing! She took me through step by step what she was doing when she was doing it and that made it a lot more comfortable for me. I’m still in awwww about the results, I finally have the lips I’ve always wanted! She did an amazing job and I’m so happy and I’m love with my lips! I will deff be back and to try their other services they offer!” Amanda Z. Haverhill, MA (11/15/2019) “LOVE LOVE LOVE!! Absolute must go here! I recently checked out SkinHealth Centers after doing some research on legit places to go in Boston for fillers. I’ve had lip injections and botox in the past elsewhere but my experience at SkinHealth was the best by far. I felt really at ease during my initial consult and was able to talk about my lip goals with the nurse practitioner Laura, who totally understood what I was going for. The process was pretty painless and I definitely feel like I got my money’s worth. I would highly recommend this place to anyone considering any kind of injectables, especially lip filler. The front desk and staff are all super friendly and I felt like they really cared about my experience. It felt good to feel like everyone cared that I got the results that I wanted. I will definitely be a client for life!” Erik H. Minneapolis, MN 11/7/2019 The past year has been super stressful and I felt like it was starting to show, so I was interested in exploring ways to change that. As a guy who has never done anything like this before I had no idea what I needed or what to expect. On a recommendation from a close friend I decided to check out SkinHealth Centers and see if they could help me get some kind of facial “refresh.” I was a little nervous when I first showed up to their office (I went to Newbury Street), but the staff was super friendly and warm and definitely made me feel a lot more comfortable. When the nurse brought me back into the room, she handed me a mirror and started asking me what I was concerned about, what I was looking for or hoping to improve about myself, and generally asking what I knew about the different options (which was limited, besides some standard Googling). She was really sweet and patient with me, especially because I always ask a ton of questions. But she was very easygoing and had a good sense of humor about it all. After going back and forth discussing what my goals ultimately were, I decided on some Botox for my forehead and around my eyes to help me look less stressed and tired. She was super knowledgeable about everything and walked me through the entire process and what I could expect for results before we ever did anything. As much as I might have been anxious about going from talking about it to actually DOING it, I think it was pretty clear that she had a lot of experience by the way she went about the injections and how smooth everything went. She was really meticulous in her work and made sure to hit all the spots we agreed on precisely, and was great about talking through the aftercare process, the Do’s and Don’ts, and what the plan was going forward. I have to say, I was impressed with how much they made me feel like they were invested in my being nothing but happy with my outcomes, which gave me a lot of confidence about working with them more in the future. The entire experience was really quick and much more affordable than I had expected. They were more conservative in their recommendations, given that this was a first for me, and even though that surprised me, I actually really appreciated it. It’s a huge turn-off (and, in my opinion, a big red flag!!) when anyone tries to pressure you into buying things you aren’t so sure about, but I never felt that from them. This was only my first time here but definitely won’t be my last. Before this I felt like “34 going on 60,” but I feel a lot better about how I look and I’m excited to explore a few other options with them soon to see if we can’t turn back the clocks a bit! I would highly recommend SkinHealth to everyone, and especially to any guys out there interested in looking better but not feeling sure about where to go or who to trust. Go here, for sure! Filipe V. 10/2/2019 With the array of services Skin Health offers, it is a convenient place in the city to get work done. Their office is clean and professional-looking, the receptionists are friendly, and Dr. Townsend has many years under his belt which is a relief when getting a procedure done.” Darlyn M. Marstons Mills, MA (7/25/2017 “Julie was excellent in providing a hydrasonic facial. She explained what I would need and customized it accordingly. She answered all my questions. The new space is similar to the previous location, nice. I have to agree with other reviews, that it is not acceptable to have the front desk be curt and impatient, which I listened to in the waiting room. I will go back again.” John M. Peabody, MA (5/11/2019) “Very professional and friendly staff, not to mention the great job and prices by Dr. Townsend.” J. Bernard (3/6/2019) “I went to Skin Health at the recommendation of a friend for facial fillers. I saw one of the NP’s, Laura, who did an excellent job. She was very knowledgeable and thorough. Unfortunately there was a misunderstanding regarding a monthly special, so the day after my appointment I reached out to the owner, Cheryl. She responded back immediately and was very kind, cleared up the misunderstanding, and price adjusted my service accordingly. I would recommend Skin Health for fillers and appreciate the excellent customer service. I will be back!” Amy H. (1/16/2019) “Great Botox experience with Dr. Townsend” Penelope M. Chestnut Hill (12/1/2018) “I have always been hesitant to do any work on my face, as I have seen many friends with botched jobs. However, when I met with SkinHealth Centers, I was immediately impressed by their approach and expertise. They did not try to sell me anything I did not need or want. They were very thorough in their explanation of what service I was getting and its results. I was very pleased with the results of the non-surgical facelift. I will be going back in January for another procedure. If you are considering any type of cosmetic surgery, I would highly recommend that you meet with SkinHealth Centers.” Katrina C. (4/20/2018) ” Very informative nice and friendly staff. Smooth in and out appointment.” Denise K. (3/25/2018) “Had a blepharoplasty in office. It went great. I was scared but they made me feel so comfortable. Extremely professional and well educated, fun, and caring. They made me look beautiful. 10 out of 5 stars :-)” Beth A. (2/26/2018) “Though the Newbury Street location is not close to my home or office , I would never go anywhere else for skin care services or treatments. The entire staff is professional , knowledgeable and pleasant. Dr Townsend and staff are only ones I’d trust with my skin care.” Kathleen G., Newton Highlands ( 1/20/2018) “The facials at SkinHealth are above and beyond in quality of care. I have had several facials with Beth and she not only helps with my acne regimen, but provides excellent care, leaving my skin healthy and refreshed after each service!” Joanne L., Wellesley Hills (12/26/2017) “I purchased a package of 3 IPLs and had the first one a few weeks ago. It is great! The brown spots are nearly gone! Beth did a fantastic job. A couple of weeks later, I had a microdermabrasion facial, which really helps and I would recommend getting that a couple of weeks after having an IPL. The office is extremely professional. Can’t wait to have the next IPL!” Adrienne L Los Angeles ( 12/12/2017) “Julie is the greatest! She’s extremely knowledgeable and amiable. Going to the SkinHealth Center is my me-time. It relaxes me and I leave feeling refreshed. I get compliments on my skin after each visit. Can’t wait to go back!!!” Yara A. (11/29/2017) “Very impressed with how professional the owner and the doctor are! The owner was very honest with me and this is what I look for usually in beauty clinics. I am absolutely coming again :)” Alix G. (11/13/2017) “The new office is beautiful. I was getting my first deep peel and Reeli answered all of my questions and made sure I knew what to expect. Highly recommend SkinHealth!” Marie D. Westwood (10/28/207) “I met with the owner personally to understand what the best treatments were for my skin concerns & Cheryl was more than helpful, knowledgeable & very friendly. I did a glycolic peel & my skin felt glowing & radiant afterwards. I will definitely book another as well as facials. Such a great experience & highly recommend SkinHealth!” Virginia M. Wellesley (Oct. 6, 2017) “i am planning to have more treatments at skin health Wellesley as my last experience was really good! I could see my face looked better after having a fractional laser treatment and I want another one! Everyone is polite and kind and everything was explained to me. I was nervous, but the staff made me feel relaxed and indeed it was all fine! I recommend them to anyone looking for the type of services they provide.” Virginia M. Wellesley (May 19, 2017) “I really like the way the staff treats you at Skin Health in Wellesley. They are so nice and explain everything that is happening with any procedure. They are honest and straight forward about how things will be following the procedure and how long it will take to recover. A great place to go for your skin and face!” Beth A. Stoneham (April 28, 2017) “I’ve been going here for years . I love the staff and have always been happy with the results.” Carmen M. Westwood (April 26 2017) “Had Amy give me a PRP treatment & I I love the results (this is my second one ). Super friendly staff & very accommodating. Highly recommend.” Virginia M. Wellesley (April 6, 2017) “I have only had good experiences at Skin Health Wellesley. The people there really take their time…” Bethany T.Boston (2/9/2017) “I had a wonderful experience at Skinhealth Centers both with the staff and with Dr. Townsend. I first visited for a consultation to address hollowness underneath my eyes. (Tear troughs.) I was extremely impressed with Dr. Townsend’s conservative approach to fillers and he put all my fears at ease. I returned ten days later for the procedure and couldn’t be happier with the results. He used a very small amount of product so I look rested and refreshed, not ‘filled.’ I won’t hesitate to return to Skinhealth Centers for other procedures in the future!” Cathy T. Boston MA (1/30/20170 “My experience at Skinhealth Centers has been excellent each time I have visited. The staff is friendly and attentive and I don’t ever have to wait long for my appointment. I have had injectables by Dr. Townsend which significantly enhanced my cheeckbones and a few years later made a huge improvement to my lips- natural but full and not so wrinkled. I have also had cool sculpting there with great results- I highly recommend them and have sent several friends with no hesitation.” Faith W., Manhattan, NY (1/16/2017) “I love this place. I come to get their microdermabrasion treatment and they go above and beyond (treat breakouts, clean and moisturize etc). Always feel welcome and helped when I come into the spa. Super clean, really relaxing – would recommend any of their treatments to anyone looking for a good facial, peel, laser service, cool sculpt etc.” Candy C. Boston, MA (1/9/17) “I love this skincare center. I have been going for a few years for Fraxel to get rid of sun damage and other laser treatments. The staff is amazing. They are very knowledgeable, friendly, and make you feel very comfortable. I recently started doing injectables there and they are very skilled at that as well. I explained exactly what I wanted and they did not do it in a way that I look “injected”. Super pleased. A must try for anything skin related.” Philip C. Cambridge MA (10/17/16) “The customer service here is extremely polite and kind. I had an appointment made promptly with the people I spoke to being extremely respectful and knowledgeable about the various services offered. Furthermore, the person I had was kind and extremely informative and made me feel comfortable throughout the experience.” I L Somerville MA ( 10/08/16) “I had my first Face Microdermabrasion at SkinHealth Centers /Boston with Maryann; she addressed all my questions and concerns. In all, I had an amazing experience!! I highly recommend SkinHealth Center!!” Elizabeth M. Wellesley MA (09/28/16) “I have been going to Skin Health for a few years now to care for my skin as I get older, and I have always had a wonderful experience with everyone who works there. Their products and services have made a tremendous difference in my skin’s appearance. Most notably, I have seen a dramatic decrease in fine lines and breakouts. Julie is amazing for facials. She’s attentive and knowledgeable and also extremely personable. I use many of their products, which I was at first wary to try. They are pretty pricy, and I have tried so many overpriced department store skin care products that don’t deliver. But these products have made my skin smoother and brighter. My favorites are the Facial Nutrition cream with glycolic acid and Vital T cream with Vitamin C – both very potent and effective. Don’t hesitate to make an appointment here!” Shannon S. Marlborough MA (09/19/16) “I will definitely be going back regularly. Jill is Amazing at SkinHealth. Great service and staff!” Alexandra M. Wayland MA (08/25/16) “Wonderful place! Very professional and very reasonable prices. So far I’ve have only seen Beth and loved her! I will be going back for more things for sure!” Jo N. Cambridge MA (08/11/16) “After several disappointing visits to other so-called renowned “facial beauty centers”, I decided to look elsewhere. Fortunately, I found SkinHealth Center. Since being a patient at SkinHealth Center, my overall experience has been excellent, and the best word to describe SkinHealth Center is fantastic! Everything about SkinHealth Center is top-notch: Dr. Townsend is knowledgeable and professional. Furthermore, he and his staff are personable, cautious and friendly. They take pride in their work and offer prompt service. Procedures that I have had done so far look great on me, and I plan going for more treatments to get the full result. Above all, SkinHealth Centre’s new address/location at 37 Newbury Street in Boston is great! It is warm and welcoming with tasteful décor. It is always a pleasure going there. Without hesitation, I highly recommend SkinHealth Center.” Kashmir A, Brookline MA (08/10/16 ) “I had microdermabrasion from Maryann and I purchased her recommended skin health products and I must say my skin has never looked better! I’m obsessed with my cleanser, toner and moisturizers. I’ll never use anything else! Katie at the desk was such a delight as well, she’s amazing! I’m so looking forward to going back for more microdermabrasion and for cool sculpting!” jennie S. (8/05/16) “I have been going to SkinHealth for years now; I absolutely LOVE it. First, all of the staff are so lovely and knowledgeable, they helped get my skin back on track. The owner is very friendly and everybody working there are so welcoming, I immediately feel at home. They have some of the best deals in the city, and I have never found a better deal on Botox and Fillers with this level of professionalism. I HIGHLY recommend this place!” Maria V. Newton MA (07/19/16) “Amazing service. Jill is wonderful. Highly recommend their services and their products are absolutely amazing.” Joanie S. Wakefield MA (07/08/16) “I began in June with my first visit at Skinhealth Centers for coolsculpting and I admit I was a bit skeptical at first but after my second visit I’m seeing and feeling the results. Christine McCoy is the Spa Manger and she is so helpful and truthful as well as reassuring to let you know that you have to give it time to see feel and see the results. I have a few more treatments and will post further another comment when I’m done. My only regret is that I wish I started before the summer.I’ll keep you all posted!” Alexandra Y. Salem MA (07/06/16) “I have gotten Juvaderm Plus lip fillers twice here at Skinhealth Center and each and every time I return they never seize to amaze me! They are a wonderful group of people from the receptionist to the doctors. They are friendly, professional and helpful. They make sure you get the look you are going for and are able to address any questions or concerns you may have in the process. If you are thinking of stopping by Skinhealth Centers take my advice and make an appointment. You will not be disappointed! Great location as well, and the office is clean and very well decorated it puts you right at ease!” Maria K. Wellesley MA (06/15/16) “After researching plastic surgeons and dermatologists in the area pretty extensively, including having a few dermal fillers done at a plastic surgeon’s office, I made an appointment for a free consultation at the Skinhealth Wellesley office. I met with Jill about dermal fillers, and with Marianne (I think that was her name) about my neck (interested in either kybella or coolmini). I wanted to get a second opinion on the results of the fillers I had had done by the plastic surgeon’s office, and to compare pricing. First of all, the receptionist was notably welcoming and positive on the phone, moreso than at the other offices I had called (other offices had phone staff who were sort of snobby and disinclined to spend time or share information). I also found this open, supportive attitude when I later called the Newbury Street office and spoke with two different people about kybella – they were very friendly and willing to spend time on the phone, answering detailed questions and volunteering information. Jill impressed me as a very good professional, and also very honest. She was able to size up my face right away and could infer some things about the fillers/Botox I had had done at the plastic surgeon’s office, even though the results were very natural. She has the eye of an expert. She told me very openly what she thought of the work done by the plastic surgeon’s office: that it was in fact very well done, though I needed a little more filler around the mouth. This showed me she was a real professional who cares that women look their best, and is not just out to “sell” things to any naive person. She volunteered other observations, too, about how the Botox had been done, and also was honest about pricing when I showed her the list of what I had paid at the plastic surgeon’s office. My experience with Marianne was also good – she was honest about the fact that for my neck in particular kybella would be more effective than coolmini (even though I was pretty much ready to pay for coolimini when I walked in). They earned my trust with all this, so much so that I am going for kybella at the Newbury office, where there is a good special this month. Can’t wait.” Kim K. Boston MA (06/04/16) “I love this amazing med spa. I have done multiple lasers and this is where I trust facials implicitly. They have an amazing product line which are all made of the key ingredients, not fluffy bottle fillers. I have had great Botox and filler experiences as well. Try them out…you will not be disappointed.” Timothy C. Cambridge MA (05/22/16) “I had the best experience ever! It’s unique for manly men to come here but after an awkward experience at essentially bare in Cambridge I decided to give this place a shot and it was well worth it. The staff is qualified and the procedures have proven themselves true. To date: I’ve had laser hair removal, Coolsculpt, and chemical peel. The founder is wonderful and very personable; equivalent to CEO approved high rating! Go, you get same day results. I would walk into work steaming with confidence.” Diane S, Boston MA (05/20/16 ) “Skinhealth Centers, Newbury Street, has consistently provided fabulous, as advertised, results from its products and services. I have been buying my face products at Skin Health for 5 years, and found that the cleanser and moisturizing products provide almost immediate and for sure lasting results. Skin Health is a very well run and responsible skin care center. Try it, you will be pleased.” Jazmyne C. Brighton MA (05/19/16) “Ihighly recommend SkinHealth! The office is beautiful and inviting, the staffs are always extremely friendly and professional, and the services are top notch. One of my favorite treatments is the hydrasonic facial!!! Maryann does the perfect brow wax- I’m hooked. Reeli is such an expert on all of the fabulous Skinhealth products, I always ask her before I buy a new one. My skin has never looked better since I started getting regular treatments with the girls at SkinHealth- microdermabrasion is a must! I only wish I found them sooner. I’ve also seen Christine for laser hair removal and she was amazing- I’ll never go back to waxing my bikini!” Elyse P. Chestnut Hill MA (05/18/16) “I have been a client of Skin Health Centers for a few years. I am writing this because anyone who wants to have more beautiful skin or wants to retard the aging process should start going here. Dr. Daniel Townsend has changed my life by enhancing my face with the correct Botox and fillers. He performed lower lid surgery on me that healed beautifully and made me look years younger. People tell me I look 10 years younger than I am! I owe this rejuvenation to the expert work of Dr. Townsend. He takes his time and assesses your needs. He NEVER recommends anything that is not appropriate or in your best interests. Part of feeling good about one’s self, is looking great. I am delighted every day that I walked into Skin Health and met Dr. Townsend.” Sue K. Chicago IL (05/18/16) “I have been going to Skinhealth Center for just over a year. I go to the Boston location on Newbury St. where I see Reeli. She is excellent. I have noticed an improvement in my skin. I highly recommend going to Reeli.” Kristin P. Boston MA (05/18/16) “My friend referred me to go to skin health for laser hair removal on my chin. I figured it’d be like any skin place. I was so pleasantly surprised. The sweet blonde receptionist was so friendly and super helpful with any questions I had. The spa in general is super hygienic and very relaxing. And my chin is now baby soft. I’ve done laser hair removal before where the hair did not completely go away. I can already tell after two sessions that the laser used at skin health is top of the line and my hairs will not be coming back any time soon. I highly recommend skin health!” Francesca C. Somerville MA (05/16/16) “I think Dr. Townsend is great! I was referred by a friend and I’m so glad I made it in. I received some lip filler and I’m really happy with the result. Dr. Townsend was conservative and put me at ease while doing the procedure. I didn’t want anything drastic just a lil’ something since my lips are on the fairer side. He knows what he’s doing and he’s a very educated man. He even said if I wanted a little more I could always come back in a week or two. I really appreciated that. All in all, a good experience!” Beth S. Waban MA (05/13/16) “I love Jill, she is patient and explains everything. I have been going for years and will continue to go. Donna at the desk is sooo professional. It is a pleasure being there. Everyone leaves happy.” Ellen H. Weston MA (05/11/16) “I have been going to SkinHealth for over 10 years in Back Bay and in Wellesley. Their treatments helped me go from relying on medications from a dermatologist to being able to care for my skin at home, using their products and periodic facials. Presently I see Maryann who is terrific! Maryann is very professional and knows her stuff. They work at your own pace and won’t push treatments. I wouldn’t go anywhere else in the Boston area!” K Roberta V. (Apr 30, 2016) “I went there to recover from scarring from a horrific terrorist incident about a 10 ago (included friends that didn’t live and wouldn’t share what happened on the internet, there are plenty of more vocal and articulate anti-terror activists) that left my body looking different from the way it should actually be naturally. The stress from all this compounded and made all the physical problems worse. They were very discreet and confidential and I wouldn’t trust any of the records they share or leak because they’ve already been reviewed and “doctored” for my privacy; including the use of the name of another patient to secure that my care was classified. But they have 6 stars out of 5. Always very courteous, discreet, never reminded me of anything negative and very positive and also supportive of my ability to move forwardand heal. Also have given me complementary services and been very flexible on pricing since I didn’t have it anyway. I feel better now, in some ways better then before and in other ways I wish it never happened. But I do exceptionally well under stress and it was therapeutic to have a physical healing in addition to the spiritual and psychological recovery.” Annie G. (4/29/2016) “SkinHealth Centers gets five stars in my book. Dr. Townsend is an absolute magician with Botox and fillers! The customer service is excellent and consistent, the atmosphere is warm and inviting, and the results speak for themselves. I’ve never felt better, and I finally look as young as I feel!!!! I highly recommend SkinHealth Centers for Botox, fillers, and laser hair removal. The best thing I’ve done for myself in years was to walk in for a complimentary consultation at SkinHealth Centers.” Pamela L. Newton Centre MA (04/27/16) “I have been visiting Skinhealth Centers on a regular basis for several years and have been very happy with my treatments there. I get botox injections around my eyes and forehead, once even a filler near my mouth, and each time I come away looking years younger. But the staff adds to this nice experience, they are always so pleasant and eager to please. Of late I visit the Wellesley center, very nice, and Jill has given me the injections. She is very good, a nurse, and very happy and nice as well. Highly recommended.” Anna M. Wellesley Hills MA (04/11/16) “The clinicians (especially Christine) are very professional, knowledgeable, and skilled. They take the time to fully inform you and help you decide what treatments options are best for you. I really appreciate the individual attention to my concerns and questions.” Patricia S. L Compton RI (04/07/16) “I have been going to Skinhealth Center for years. 1st in Wellesley, now in Boston on Newbury St. where I see Reeli. I was so surprised to see a negative review here, because my experience has CONSISTENTLY been excellent. The staff is courteous and the clinicians are superb. At both locations, my aestheticians have been there for years and that says something good! I highly recommend.” Julie K. Wellesley MA (03/30/16) “I’ve had three great experiences at Skinhealth. All of the staff are friendly and professional. The spa is convenient, clean and relaxing. Julie gives a terrific facial with added relaxing arm, hand and shoulder massages. What I like best is that they aren’t trying to up-sell a lot of products and services — they are very respectful and not pushy. The pricing is reasonable and I will definitely be back.” Joan M. Wellesley MA (03/23/16) “I highly recommend Skinhealth. I initially made an appointment upon the advice of a good friend and have been extremely happy. The location is very convenient and parking is not a problem at all (although it could seem daunting if you just drive by). The facilities are pristine and everyone on the staff is professional and knowledgeable. The packages are an excellent bargain. I have been with two of the aestheticians (one is even an RN) and both were fabulous. I have been to several spas in the area and this is my new go-to place.” Annie G. Boston MA (03/23/16) “SkinHealth Centers is a dream come true, especially Dr. Townsend. I went in for my first consultation about a year ago, just looking into different options. The staffs are extremely professional and knowledgeable, and they even called me two hours in advance to let me know he was running five minutes behind schedule! Dr. Townsend helped me decide which facial fillers would work best for me based on my goals, age, and budget. What an incredible but natural looking difference!!!! Worth every penny. I decided to go back and ask him about eyelid surgery since he is so well respected in the surgical community (my husband was a general surgeon for over 50 years in Boston). Dr. Townsend told me I was a great candidate for an upper lid blepharoplasty- so I scheduled my surgery for a month later! Fast forward to after the surgery (which was smooth sailing) and I couldn’t be happier with my results. I am constantly getting complimented- but no one can quite pinpoint the difference. It’s just what I wanted- to look and feel younger. I’ve also had IPL photo facials and Laser Hair Removal with both Christine and Reeli- they are both lovely and very skilled. Maryann does the best eyebrow wax and facial in Boston as far as I’m concerned! I look forward to my visits to SkinHealth, whether it’s a Botox touch up with Dr. Townsend or a facial with one of the master aestheticians on staff. Great find!!!!!” Kara C. Waltham MA ( 03/20/16) ” I went to SkinHealth Center last Saturday for a free consultation with Beth. I was very impressed with how professional & knowledgeable Beth was with all the procedures I was considering. She answered all my questions and concerns. Over all the SkinHealth Center was very clean and spa like. There hours are very convenient for those of us who work full-time and want to keep up with our youthful glow! I can’t wait for my next appointment.” Susan C. Needham MA (03/09/16) “Once again, another pleasant experience at SkinHealth in Wellesley. Upon entering Donna greets you with a smile and kind words, the location is spotless, water is offered, products are suggested and Jill has always been professional and on time. My treatment with Jill was successful (be patient, it does take at least a week or two to see full results) and she is always pleasant and informative. Look to the website for specials or discounts. I can happily recommend this location for quality service and convenience.” K.G. Boston MA (03/04/16) “Dr. Townsend is the Artist of Injectables!!! My friend referred me to him for lip filler after having a great experience with him at SkinHealth. The staff at SkinHealth was professional, friendly, and attentive. Dr. Townsend advised me start with half a syringe of filler, and that I could always come back for more! Since my first visit with him I’ve been so happy with my lips; they’re fuller and more sensual but very natural looking. This past August, I referred my mother to him for eyelid surgery, and she has had the most incredible result! My mother appears much more rested, alert, and youthful after her Upper Lid surgery; she couldn’t be happier. Most doctors who do Botox and filler on Newbury Street are all about the bottom line, getting as many clients in as possible, Dr. Townsend is the exception. He never made me feel rushed, or self-conscious about my budget. He listened to me and made recommendations that were appropriate for my age, lifestyle, and financial flexibility. Many of my friends have had lip filler elsewhere, and they were not happy with their result- not everyone wants Kylie Jenner lips! Since then, I’ve sent most of them to Dr. T and they are uniformly thrilled with their lips! My mother has come back to Dr. T for filler and Botox and she can’t believe the amazing difference (everyone notices but no one knows!) I highly recommend SkinHealth Centers, in particular Dr. Townsend.” Gissette Z. Lynn MA (2/18/16) “I just recently visited Skin Health for the first time, the girls at the reception area greeted me nicely and were very accommodating. Being my first time, I was nervous and unsure but Dr. Townsend made me feel very comfortable and secure. He was very gentle & patient during the procedure, and answered all my questions and concerns. Very happy with the results I am definitely going back. Highly recommend!” Kathy F. (2/13/16) “I find all the staff to be friendly and helpful. Reeli gave me the best facial I have ever had. She also has given me four laser treatments and I have noticed the fine lines disappearing. I love the products. Reeli set me up on a skin regimen which I find easy to follow and healthy for my skin. I look forward to trying some of the other treatments.” M.V. Boston MA (02/14/16) “Skin health centers is one of the best places I’ve been too! The staff was so helpful and amazing at what they do, I’m so pleased with the way they made me feel during my treatment and I can’t wait to go back for more and see the final results!” Anna M. (4/11/2016) “The clinicians (especially Christine) are very professional, knowledgeable, and skilled. They take the time to fully inform you and help you decide what treatments options are best for you. I really appreciate the individual attention to my concerns and questions.” KiKi T. Fitchburg MA (12/11/15) “I had micro dermabrasion done here and was amazing. Marianne did such an amazing job and my skin felt awesome. I got some products and I am newly obsessed. Katie at the front desk was also so professional and helpful.” Kyle B, Jamaica Plain MA (10/26/15) “I’ve been to Skinhealth many times now. I usually get the hydra-sonic facial, which is awesome. I’ve also had botox injections with Dr. Townsend, which have really helped my forehead area look smoother. He sat down and chatted with me for a while about what I was hoping to accomplish and that put me at ease. They have a few other services I’m hoping to try in the near future but so far the service and outcomes have been excellent.” Dana G, Boston MA (08/13/15) “A truly great Skin oriented spot. They have an amazing line of great anti aging products, great accessories to keep your face out of the sun. They are concerned with skin cancer prevention which is nice as we have a family history of that. I booked an appointment for a facila next week and cannot wait. Very friendly and customer service oriented staff.” Jen O, Suffolk M A (07/06/15) “I saw Jill last week. She was really really great. She talked me through everything profusely and gave me candid advice for future visits. I only went to the Wellesley location because it was more convenient given its location to a new job. I’m actually glad I did because Jill was so friendly and very prompt. The whole experience was very convenient.” Stacey B, Manhattan NY (06/13/15) “With so many skin care stores open today it is so important to find a knowledgeable place that truly knows about skin care. I came in for laser to remove freckles and was worried that I would have scaring or it would hurt…..not the case at all. They are experts and I was pain free…scar free and freckle free!!! I am now going to be a regular for their other skin services such as botox and filler as you want an artistic hand injecting into your face…and that is what you will find at Skinhealth.” Jenny R, Chestnut Hill MA (06/11/15) “Love this spot. I was recommended by a friend, the staff is great, the product line is fantastic. Went in for a microderm facial and loved it so much that I booked a botox appointment for next time. It is so hard to find knowledgeable people who know what they are doing when it comes to the skin and this place gets an A plus. If you are looking for laser, fraxel, thermage, they have it all and all very trustworthy…..I do not just let anyone touch my face.” Molly L. Wayland MA (01/03/15) “I got my botox treatment last year, and the effects were visible within about a week. At 62 years old, I finally feel I’ve gained back the physical confidence I lost thirty years ago. The specialists at Skinhealth were so reassuring and knowledgeable, answering all of my questions throughout the whole process. As strange as it may be to have a chemical injection in your face, the doctors informed me on everything I should expect and made my visit exciting. I have already sent three friends in for Botox treatment, all of whom have returned satisfied. You won’t regret it.” Helena B, Woodbridge VA (07/22/14) “Friendly and professional service their cleanliness and prompt service is commendable. Colleen thoroughly explains procedure and tells you realistic expectations of the hair removal process. I am withholding judgement until my final session of the procedure is complete, however so far I am happy with the results!” Alessandra M, Boston MA (04/14/14) “I have lived in NYC since the 90’s and I am very very particular about where I go when it comes to my skin and anything skincare related. If you have not been to Skinhealth, you are going to the wrong place. The staff is so incredibly friendly, they talk you thru everything that they are doing from microderm, peels, lasers, fraxels, so you feel at ease. Botox and fillers are fairly priced and they are applied flawlessly. I LOVE the intimate feel of Skinhealth vs some of these huge cavernous medspas where you are just left in some room. It is a special place, and the treatments are A plus…..I have tried almost all of their treatments so I speak from experience.” Laura N, Waltham MA (03/26/14) “Just had permanent makeup and eyelashes done by Mary! She was fantastic! She knew exactly what would suit my face and I HAVE NEVER LOOKED BETTER!!!! Thank you Skinhealth! A++++++” Jen O, Suffolk MA (03/20/14) “First time visitor and I really enjoyed the experience. I was quite leery about the treatment sought, and the staff did much to put my mind at ease. They answered every question honestly and thoroughly without sugar coating possible side effects or bad reactions from other patients. Dr. Townsend was very gentle and conservative. Especially for a newb – that allowed me to relax. The only slight inconvenience was needing to wait – fearing my parking would expire. Otherwise, I am so pleased.” Dana J, Wayland MA (03/14/14) “I first went to SkinHealth Centers because I had a groupon type offer. That was 5 years ago and they are now my go-to skincare place for everything. Between hydrasonic facials, microdermabrasion, peels, facials (and the occasional injection) my skin looks great but natural, which is really important to me. It is not easy for me to trust someone with my skin, but I trust the doctors and estheticians at SkinHealth Centers.” Dale H, Chestnut Hill MA (02/15/14) “This is the most wonderful Skin spa in Boston. The expert care and advice I have received at Skin Health has been terrific. My face looks so much younger than my age because of the quality of the products and services offered here. If anyone is looking for a special place to reduce lines and wrinkles and keeping ones skin looking fresh, then you MUST go to Skinhealth. Thank you to everyone there for making me look so good. DEH of Newton.” Kathleen M, Charlestown MA (02/02/14) “I love this place. I have tried their dermabrasion and laser for sunspots and the technician was excellent. Plus they have great monthly specials.” M Reed (Jan 15, 2014) “The best in Boston! Love this spa!! My mother, sister and I have been loyal clients since 2009. The staff is incredible – fantastic facials, great fillers and botox treatments. The Facial Nutrition 10% Glycolic cream has become a skin care staple. Dr. Townsend, Cheryl , Elaine Pietsch, R.N, and Reeli have always made our sessions a welcome break in our crazy Boston weeks and the online appointment booking capability helps us schedule our appointments with ease. We can’t say enough great things about the Newbury Street Spa.” Melissa H, Somerville MA (01/13/14) “Staff is knowledgeable, friendly and takes their time assessing your skin and making recommendations on what would be best for you. Went to the Newbury Street location for the eyelash extensions and was very pleased. Establishment is spotless!” Taylor C. (1/03/2014) “I have been coming to SkinHealth for over three years now. I absolutely love their products. The facials are amazing too they have really prevented breakouts and have made my skin look amazing.” Alexa C, Wayland MA (01/02/14) “I have been to skinhealth many times for facials due to my many outbreaks I get through out the year (especially in the cold Boston weather). I cannot even express how much of a difference this has made for my skin. All of the estheticians are absolutely brilliant and miracle workers. This is a place that knows exactly what they are doing in regards to facials/treatments and incredible products. The best part about coming here is buying products that I KNOW will make an incredible difference. I fully recommend going here for all of your skin needs!” Dana J. (12/14/13) “I have been coming to SkinHealth Centers for over 5 years and cannot say enough about the way they have cared for my skin. From IPL to microdermabrasian to facials, their treatments are always professional and leave my skin looking beautiful. I trust them completely and have never been disappointed. I also love their products, particularly their 20% glycolic and sunscreens.” Lyndesy F, Boston MA (09/02/13) (01/28/13) “I have started coming here for ultrasonic body contouring treatments. The technician is excellent, and I have lost several inched around my waist and also above my knees. It really works, and the ultrasound feels warm and nice, it doesn’t hurt at all.” 09/02/13) “Best Botox ever! Dr. Townsend is so gentle. I had no bruising and great results. I had been to a few other places, including a Groupon (disaster!). I was giving up hope of finding a place where I would get fair pricing and a great treatment. I finally found it! I am so happy!!! The staff was friendly and gave me tea when I arrived.” Laura T, Boston MA (06/19/13) “Wow! Great service. I decided to have some treatments here after passing by the store on Newbury St a couple of times. If you care about having beautiful skin then this is the place to go. I highly recommend.” Andrew G, Boston MA (01/29/13) “Great place! I have been coming here for over a year for laser hair removal and facials and have recently had a Botox treatment for the first time. Everybody in here from the owner to the doctors and nurses to the laser technicians to the front desk staff is excellent. I have been in here probably 15 times and I have never had anything less than a wonderful experience.” Alyssa P, Londonderry NH (01/23/13) “I have now seen both Dr. Townsend and the nurse Elaine, and they both have done such an great job on my Botox and Juvederm. I have gotten Botox elsewhere in the past with very little results, so I was thrilled to find a place that really knows their stuff! I am never going anywhere else again.” Anna P, Londonderry NH (12/12/12) “Just left my first Botox appointment at Skin Health on Newbury Street. Staff was very friendly. The nurse Elaine explained everything that she was doing and even gave me numbing cream before at no charge so that I barely felt anything. I was very nervous and she made me feel comfortable. I would totally recommend this place. Great experience!” Janet S, Boston MA (12/12/12) “I have been going to Dr. Townsend for over 6 years for my Botox. I absolutely love his work. He has a great bedside manner and remembers me every time I go in. I have sent my mom, sister and some women from my office to him and they have all had great results.” Kerry D, Wellesley MA (09/30/12) “I highly recommend Dr. Townsend! My upper lids had gotten so droopy & the extra skin was really bothering me. I’d look in the mirror & think these aren’t my eyes. The little lift I would get from doing Botox was just not enough anymore…it was time. My biggest concern with having surgery was the fear of looking done and we went over my concerns and what outcome I was looking for during the consultation. The surgery itself is only an hour & the eyelids heal so quickly I was really amazed. I can’t even begin to tell you how happy I am with the results, it’s exactly what I hoped for and more! Getting the natural look is definitely a skill that Dr. Townsend has perfected! Nobody would ever know that I had eyelid surgery, unless I told them. My tired eyes are gone and now I have a fresh completely natural beautiful look. I’m so thankful to Dr. Townsend for giving me my eyes back as now when I look in the mirror.” Peggy M, Boston MA (06/12/12) “I had a great experience when I went in for sclerotherapy. I originally purchased one treatment, because my veins were not horrible, but unsightly enough to deter me from wearing shorts and skirts as much as I’d like. Anne recommended a single treatment because she didn’t think I would need more than one. After the first treatment I felt hopeful, wore the compression hose religiously, and tried to stay off of my feet for long periods of time. Nada. It didn’t work. And I felt so bummed because I thought I’d given myself enough time to prep for bathing suit season. I researched laser options and a little more about the procedure, and like everything, the internet is noisy and everyone had a different experience/opinion. I wrote to Anne and told her my issue and she said laser wouldn’t be the best route to go, and asked me to come back in for another consultation. I did. She thought it was so strange that it didn’t take, and so she offered me a COMPLIMENTARY visit to try to get the results she had expected in the first session. I took about three weeks to think it over, wondering if it would, in fact, be worth it. I went back in yesterday, and immediately after the saline injections, my veins were practically gone! (Unlike the first time). It was like night and day. I’m on day 2, wearing compression knee-highs, and although there’s some bruising around the injection sites, my legs look SO much better and I’m feeling confident that it will take. Thank you to Anne, who is meticulous and extremely caring about her work and her clients!” Lauren P, Somerville MA (03/07/12) “I cannot emphasize enough how AMAZED I am at how well my appointment went. Long story short, I had a cyst above my eye that was from a ruptured hair follicle or something of the sort. Dr. Townsend and Nurse Pietsch were so good to me and I am sure I was a very annoying patient (I almost passed out, needed, juice, etc., etc. I am still embarrassed). Anyway, there was no reason for me to almost pass out because this procedure was literally painless. Novocain? Didn’t feel the needle. Cutting into my cyst to excise it? Didn’t feel that either. Seriously, I am so relieved and thankful to the Skin Health team. THANK YOU.” 12/29/2011) “Treated my bridesmaids to facials before my wedding. They were so happy as was I. After our treatments, we looked radiantly beautiful. I recommend them highly.” Jill J, Boston MA (11/01/11) “This is a very busy, but very good cosmetic/skin center. Cheryl, whom I believe is the owner, is very nice and very helpful. I highly recommend this place for any kind of skin treatment. They make you look very natural, yet better. see ME again!!” Mallory W, Boston MA (04/09/10) “I have struggled with skin issues for the majority of my life and since visiting Lynde at Skin Health my skin has significantly improved…more so than with any products I’ve been prescribed from a dermatologist. As a result, I have gained self-confidence and I’m generally a happier person . She knows what she’s doing and is no-nonsense. I highly recommend making an appointment with her. She’s the best!” Nikki S, Medford MA (03/23/10) “I LOVE SKINHEALTH! They have done wonders with my skin and they are so nice & professional – I would definitely recommend them!” Brenda N, Watertown MA (03/23/10) “If you want beautiful full lashes and soft rejuvenated skin you can achieve it all at Skin Health just ask for Carmen and your relaxing fun will begin. I highly recommend Carmen at Skin Health! If you want beautiful full lashes and soft rejuvenated skin you can achieve it all at Skin Health just ask for Carmen and your relaxing fun will begin. I highly recommend Carmen at Skin Health! BN” Janice H, Boston MA (03/01/10) “I’ve been going to Skin Health for some time now. What a wonderful jem right in the heart of the Back Bay. The staff is so extremely professional and yet friendly and helpful. I have been having laser to even out the skin tone on my face. After just three treatments you should see the difference in my skin! I also use the products which I LOVE! If I buy something and I don’t like it (which has never happened) I know i can take it back! How many places can you do this at?? Highly recommended — go, you will be so, so very happy!” (Feb 21, 2010) “I am so amazed at the results I have seen with my lower eyelid surgery! The bags and wrinkles are gone!! I look at least 15 years younger. I have gotten so many compliments. Friends of mine have had this surgery at other places and I have to say their eyes do not look as nice as mine! The staff was professional, helpful, and friendly. I highly recommend this place. Next I will have them do a fractional laser on my face to get rid of wrinkles and after that I will probably go back for Botox. I totally trust them with anything I may want to have done.” Kaylee B, Boston MA (02/21/10) ” I am so amazed at the results I have seen with my lower eyelid surgery! The bags and wrinkles are gone!! I look at least 15 years younger. I have gotten so many compliments. Friends of mine have had this surgery at other places and I have to say their eyes do not look as nice as mine! The staff was professional, helpful, and friendly. I highly recommend this place. Next I will have them do a fractional laser on my face to get rid of wrinkles and after that I will probably go back for Botox. I totally trust them with anything I may want to have done.” Karolyn D, Boston MA (02/18/10) “If you want gorgeous lashes at age 53 you must visit Skin Health and ask for Carmen! I have been going to her for over 2 years and she has changed the way I feel about myself. She is very professional but at the same time relaxed and fun! She will go the extra mile to accommodate your needs. Don’t wait another day!” JM G, Boston MA (02/17/10) “Don’t waste time and money with other spas, go directly to Skin Health and ask for Carmen! I recently had my lashes done and wow the compliments I have been receiving!! In addition, her facials are the BEST! Carmen takes her time and is client centered to the max. She is consistent, knowledgeable, friendly, and goes above and beyond with her services. I highly recommend Skin Health, but make sure you ask for Carmen!” Ellen B, Boston MA (02/17/2010) “I have been going to Carmen to have my lashes done for 2 years. She is absolutely THE BEST!! Since she’s been at Skinhealth, I have found the location to be very convenient. The staff there is always courteous and very friendly. They accommodate all your needs and the place is always spotless. Everyone there is willing to answer any questions and assist you in every way. Best health spa in Boston!!!” Jennie S. (Jan 7, 2010) “I’ve been going to SkinHealth Centers on Newbury Street for coolsculpting since June and had 3 treatments already with Christine. She is absolutely fabulous. She answers questions thoroughly and truthfully. I can already see the results. You may not see a difference in the beginning but you have to be patient and the results will happen. Thank you Christine and SkinHealth Centers for making me feel and look great.” Kallie H, Boston MA (06/25/07) “I had a back facial here during spa week. It was good. The practitioner was really nice and very down to earth. I think the session was about 10 minutes shorter than advertised but other than that, very satisfying. Very nice and pleasant front desk staff. Some of the best I’ve seen.” Jason S, Boston MA (02/20/07) ” I went to SkinHealth as part of a group of spas I’m visiting to write about SpaWeek Boston for EDGEBoston.com and found it to be an excellent skincare center with a knowledgeable staff, fair prices, and a great range of services. I had a microdermabrasion service by Lynde, which was excellent. The only thing that would make SkinHealth better is if it was expanded into a full day spa, with steam, jacuzzi, sauna, etc… something very much missing in Boston.” Skinhealth Centers Resources Patient Resources In the Media Fees & Financing Specials Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 © 2026 SkinHealth, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Website Design & Seo by MRKTMADE Privacy Policy | TOS | Sitemap Call Email Book Now