Top Botox Med Spa Services Home Services About Before and After Gallery Testimonials Contact Payment Plans Frequently Asked FAQs Home Services About Before and After Gallery Testimonials Contact Payment Plans Frequently Asked FAQs More Home Services About Before and After Gallery Testimonials Contact Payment Plans Frequently Asked FAQs Home Services About Before and After Gallery Testimonials Contact Payment Plans Frequently Asked FAQs Beautify Medical Spa & Wellness Beautify Medical Spa & Wellness Beautify Medical Spa & Wellness Beautify Medical Spa & Wellness Luxurious Medical Spa Skin Rejuvenation, Cosmetic Enhancements, Facial Balancing Lip Filler, Sculptra & PRP A Botox Medspa Book Now Learn More (603) 633-3575 Connect With Us FOLLOW ME @Beautify.nh About Beautify Our Location Beautify Med Spa is located in Merrimack, NH. We are in the heart of Hillsborough County and minutes from Bedford, NH and surrounding towns. Beautify Medical Spa offers a tranquil escape from the hustle and bustle of the city. With a state-of-the-art facilities and a serene atmosphere, you will feel relaxed and at ease from the moment you step inside the Farmhouse Salon Suites! If you are looking for a Botox med spa, FDA approved HA filler, minimally invasive facial rejuvenation, and comprehensive skin evaluation by a board certified nurse practitioner, look no further. Book your consultation today online, call/text at (603) 633-3575. Book Now Our Services We offer a wide range of services including Botox, filler, wellness mangement, weight loss, collagen induction therapy, hair restoration and more! I combine my neurology experience and over two decades as a Nurse Practitioner to my practice. Come experience what it means to get a full assessment customized to meet your goals with natural results. The best interventions are the undetected ones. Book now and see how Beautify Medical Spa can help you meet your skin and wellness goals. Beautify is the premier luxury boutique Botox Med Spa serving Bedford, New Hampshire and surrounding towns! BOOK NOW MY STORY Hi I am Maria Abbate, FNP-C MSN, a board certified Family Nurse Practitioner with over 2 decades of experience in the health care industry. I started Beautify Medical Spa because I have a passion for aesthetic medicine and wellness management. I believe in providing our clients with an exceptional experience that leaves them feeling relaxed, rejuvenated and naturally enhanced. I graduated from The Catholic University of America, Washington D.C. with honors in 2002 with a Master of Science in Nursing. My nursing journey began 26 years ago as a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit nurse. I then sub-specialized in Neurodevelopment working at Boston Children's outpatient Neonatal Follow-up Program in New York. As A Nurse Practitioner I've held many roles including: urgent care, primary care & neurology. My journey into Aesthetic Medicine, specifically Botox began while working at Dartmouth Health in the Department of Neurology, At Dartmouth I worked in Headache Medicine and the Movement Disorder Clinic. I decided to focus primarily on neuromodulators such as Botox, Juvederm, Xeomin and Dysport. I have a special interest in restorative aesthetics and wellness medicine. I have since trained at The Audrey Rose Institute, Galderma, Evolus and Prollenium. I received post Master's Certification training in the use of Hyaluronic Acid fillers (HA), Master Class in Lip Augmentation and PRP/PRF Training. In conjunction with these modalities I offer skin care & microneedling/collagen induction therapy. My Botox Med Spa is specialized in offering beautiful results for all clients. I specialize in facial balancing for all the ethnicities. I trained under Dr. Swift's technique incorporating the Caliper to bring your natural beauty to the next level of precision. I have always had a passion for the arts. I am a photographer and an artist. As an Aesthetic Nurse Practitioner, I am able to combine both these passions. Having been in the hospital setting I have also been witness to many confounding comorbidities. I believe passionately that putting ones health and wellness is paramount to a long life. My goal is to make and help you feel your best with the adjunct use of Peptides GLP-1 for a comprehensive weight loss program. At Beautify Medical Spa I am able to foster that passion for wellness and I have a desire to share it with others. I want you to reach your goals! When I am not at my practice you can find me photographing my son's baseball games, training for a marathon with my dog, or enjoying skiing with my 3 sons and my husband. I was born in Ecuador and I am a proud Latina. I look forward to meeting each one of you at Beautify Medical Spa and customizing your individual treatment plan. Come visit me at my boutique lux location in the heart of Merrimack, New Hampshire. Book Now Beautify's Photo Gallery TREAT NOW. PAY LATER. Prequalify for your treatment and pay later. "0% APR and other promotional rates subject to eligibility." For example, a $400 payment plan with Cherry may cost $100/month over 3 months at 0% APR with down payment in the amount of monthly payment due at the time of purchase. PRE QUALIFY NOW Beautify Medical Spa and Wellness Beautify Medical Spa offers top aesthetic treatments customized to your facial anatomy. My services include facial balancing with botox, fillers, skincare and microneedling. Come visit us today, conveniently located in Merrimack and serving Bedford, Nashua, Manchester and surrounding areas of greater New Hampshire. Find out more SERVICES PRICE LIST INJECTABLES Add a description about this category Neurotoxin Consultation REQUIRES CONSULTATION, starting at $14unit Are you new to our practice? Are you not sure what you want but want to learn more? Book your consultation with Master's Prepared Board Certified Nurse Practitioner, Maria Abbate. I will customized your full facial assessment tailored to your needs and concerns. Time 30 minutes. Dermal Fillers REQUIRES CONSULTATION starting at $800 Dermal Fillers are a safe and effective way to restore volume, lift, contour, soften and plump areas such as lips. These changes are naturally occuring with aging process and can be addressed with a customized full facial assessment. Neurotoxin and Dermal Filler Consultation REQUIRES CONSULTATION Tox starting at $14 unit, Filler starting at $800 This evaluation is a combination of Neurotoxins and Dermal fillers to address the aging process. This is a customized full face assessment and is tailored to your specific needs. Signature Lip Flip $150 The lip flip procedure makes your lips appear fuller without actually adding any volume to them. This safe treatment relaxes the muscles around the lip, causing it to flip outwards. The result is a plumper lip. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Bunny lines $14 per unit Bunny lines are t he wrinkles that appear when the nose is scrunched up. During youth, these lines tend to disappear and become gradually more pronounced as people age. This is because skin loses collagen and elasticity, making it harder for facial muscles to bounce back after any facial expressions. By adding a few units of Botox to this area it can minimize the appereance of these lines. This procedure can also be done to fine lines that sprruound the lips. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Chin pebbling/Orange Peel Chin/ Chin Dimpling $14 per unit The "Orange Peel" chin can be treated with neuromodulators such as BOTOX®. After a few injections, you'll notice smoother skin, giving you a natural, relaxed appearance. BOTOX®,Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Forehead $14 per unit Reduce or prevent those pesky moderate to severe forehead lines. Your skin will look smooth and rejuvenated as the wrinkles and lines are treated. The “11s” may also be injected for optimal results. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Crow's Feet $14 per unit The tiny lines etched around the outer corners of the eyes are called crow’s feet, but with a few injections, those fine lines can be smoothed away, resulting in wrinkle-free skin and a young-looking apperance. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Turn that Frown Upsideown/DAOs $14 per unit Neurotoxins can be injected into the Depressor Anguli Oris (DAO) muscles, commonly known as marionette lines, in order to relax them. This results in a more youthful and cheerful appearance, reducing the look of sagging or downturned mouth corners. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Superficial neck lines $14 per unit Neurotoxins can also be used to treat horizontal lines on the neck, often referred to as "necklace lines." The injections relax the underlying muscles, reducing the appearance of these lines and providing a more youthful neck contour. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport NECK LIFT/Platysmal bands $14 per unit For those who are concerned about the vertical bands on the neck, neurotoxins can be a game-changer. By injecting into the platysmal bands, these products relax the neck muscles, softening the appearance of these bands and giving the neck a smoother, more youthful look. Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Excessive Sweating/Hyperhidosis $1,200 Botox/Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport are used to treat excessive sweating in the armpits. TMJ Treatment/ Jaw Clenching/Teeth Grinding Treatment Requires consultation Temporomandibular joint disorder (TMJ) is a common source of serious jaw pain. Surgery isn’t the only way to treat the condition, and board-certified Maria Abbate, FNP-C, of Beautify in Merrimack, New Hampshire, is happy to sit down with you and explain how Botox® offers a far less invasive path toward relief. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeuveau, Dysport Masseters/Temples $14 per unit Depending on your symptoms, BOTOX® or Dysport® injections can be administered to the forehead, jaw, or temple. These injections reduce jaw muscle function, resulting in pain relief and the improvement of TMJ symptoms. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Trapezius Tox $14 per unit This treatment involves injecting neurotoxins into the trapezius muscles in the upper back and shoulders. The result is a more relaxed posture and a reduction in shoulder and neck tension. It's often referred to as "Barbie Tox" because it can also create the illusion of a longer, more elegant neck. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport The Pore Eraser $14 per unit Neurotoxins can be used to minimize the appearance of large pores. The treatment, often dubbed "The Pore Eraser," involves injecting a diluted form of the neurotoxin into the skin's surface to reduce oil production and thereby minimize pore size. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Gabella Lines/ 11 lines $14 per unit "11s" are those little creases between your eyebrows that appear when you wrinkle them. Neurotoxin such as BOTOX® injections provide a smoother and more refreshed appearance by eliminating these wrinkles. BOTOX®, Xeomin, Jeveau, Dysport Botox for Migraine Treatment $1600 Do you suffer from Chronic Migraines and get no relief from traditional modalities? Try the FDA Approved Treatment for Chronic Migraines with BOTOX® Trigger Point Injections REQUIRES CONSULTATION starting at $200 A conjunctive treatment for chronic pain to shoulders, back and muscle knots from stress, migraines and/or sports related muscular strain. Signature Pucker Up, HA Filler REQUIRES CONSULTATION, $799 Enhance your natural beauty with lip filler. HA filler helps with hydration, restores volume and can address asymmetry in the lips. FDA approved HA lip Filler Mini Pucker Up 1/2 syringe REQUIRES CONSULTATION Enhance your natural beauty with lip filler. *Are you unsure of lip filler and would like to try a touch up to your lips. Do you have dry lines to your lips try HA filler for hydration and lip enhancement. The 1/2 syringe is a great option to address these concerns. *Have you had a lip filler treatment in the past and just want a touch up, the 1/2 syringe is the right option for you. Beautify Collagen Induction Therapy Collagen and elastin induction with micorneedling. Microneedling $500 Collagen and elastin are the essential proteins fibers in the skin that give us support and elasticity. As we age, these fibers break down and can cause wrinkles. Mirconeedling regenerates and activates your own collagen for a more youthful looking skin, smoothing wrinkles & improving acne scars. Best results series of 3 4-6 weeks apart. Microneedling 3 PACK $1,200 20% Savings! Collagen and elastin are the essential proteins fibers in the skin that give us support and elasticity. As we age, these fibers break down and can cause wrinkles. Mirconeedling regenerates and activates your own collagen for a more youthful looking skin, smoothing wrinkles & improving acne scars. Best results series of 3 treatments 4-6 weeks apart. Exosome Collagen Induction Therapy $800 Exosomes Regenerative Complex is a potent, powerful serum applied to your skin to send instructions to your cells to regenerate and repair themselves. The body produces these, but as we age their production diminishes causing the remaining cells to not function. Add this custom treatment to your skin routine. Exosome Collagen Induction Therapy 3 PACK $1,920 20% discount Exosomes Regenerative Complex is a potent, powerful serum applied to your skin to send instructions to your cells to regenerate and repair themselves. The body produces these, but as we age their production diminishes causing the remaining cells to not function Microneedling with PRP/PRF/PDGF $699 Collagen and elastin are the essential proteins fibers in the skin that give us support and elasticity. As we age, these fibers break down and can cause wrinkles. Mirconeedling regenerates and activates your own collagen for a more youthful looking skin, smoothing wrinkles & improving acne scars. Best results series of 3 4-6 weeks apart. This treatment includes your own Platelet Rich Plasma to increase and optimize your treatments, or PDGF Platelet Derived Growth Factors. Microneedling with PRP/PRF/PDGF 3 PACK $1,997 Collagen and elastin are the essential proteins fibers in the skin that give us support and elasticity. As we age, these fibers break down and can cause wrinkles. Mirconeedling regenerates and activates your own collagen for a more youthful looking skin, smoothing wrinkles & improving acne scars. Best results series of 3 4-6 weeks apart. This treatment includes your own Platelet Rich Plasma to increase and optimize your treatments. HAIR RESTORATION with PRP $900 PRP micro-injections into the scapl to trigger your body to increase the blood supply to the area increasing hair density, growth and thickness. Best results series of 3 done 4-6 weeks apart. This treatment includes drawing from your own Platelet Rich Plasma to increase and optimize your treatments. Weight Loss Program REQUIRES CONSULTATION This is a comprehensive weight loss program. The ideal candidate has tried other modalities and has not been able to make and progress with their weight loss goals. At Beautify we customize your treatment to fit your goals with weight and health. This is used in conjunction with following healthy dietary guidelines, maintaining a proper exercise routine and making necessary behavior modifications. Call (603) 633-3575 or book online to schedule your weight loss consultation. B12 Energy Boost Shot $40 B12 is a vitamin that dissolves in water and is actively engaged in the metabolic process, aiding the body in utilizing fats and carbohydrates as an energy source and facilitating the synthesis of new protiens. B12 Energy 6 pack $230 B12 is a vitamin that dissolves in water and is actively engaged in the metabolic process, aiding the body in utilizing fats and carbohydrates as an energy source and facilitating the synthesis of new protiens. B12 Energy 12 pack $430 B12 is a vitamin that dissolves in water and is actively engaged in the metabolic process, aiding the body in utilizing fats and carbohydrates as an energy source and facilitating the synthesis of new proteins. B12 +MIC, Energy Boost + Fat Burner $50 B12 Vitamin Methionine helps breakdown sugar & carbohydrates and convert them into energy. Inositol, a vitamin belongs to the B- complex group that supports the well being of cellular structures and nerve connections, contributing to the regulation of mood and appetite. Choline muscle recovery, helps convert fat to energy. B6 promotes red blood cell production and converts food into energy. B1 Thiamin improves your immune system helps convert fat & carbs into energy. Biostimulator Sculptra Requires Consultation Sculptra helps restore your skin’s foundation by stimulating your natural collagen production to firm and smooth the entire cheek region and tighten the skin along the jawline. Sculptra helps stimulate natural collagen production.6 The poly-L-lactic acid (PLLA-SCA) in Sculptra forms a framework that helps support and maintain the skin’s inner structure, which may lead to a more youthful-looking appearance. Book today and for a consultation and see if Sculptra is right for you. Radiesse Requires Consultation RADIESSE® is a dermal fillers that is used for smoothing moderate to severe facial wrinkles and folds, such as nasolabial folds (the creases that extend from the corner of your nose to the corner of your mouth), cheeks, temples and jawline. RADIESSE® is also used for correcting volume loss in the back of the hands or improve your peach area. RADIESSE® (+) is FDA approved for adults over 21 years old. PRP/PRF Filler Requires Consultation PRP/PRF filler is autologous concentrated preparation of your own platelet and growth factors in a small volume of plasma. Platelets release growth factors which regulate the healing cascade by signaling surrounding cells to repair damaged tissue and regenerate new tissue. Injections can be done to cheeks, jawline, eyes, hair, hands, chest and decolletage. Add a footnote if this applies to your business Contact Us Better yet, see us in person! We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours. Beautify Medical Spa 604 Daniel Webster Highway, Suite 4 Merrimack, New Hampshire 03054, United States INSTAGRAM: @ beautify.nh FACEBOOK: Beautify Medical Spa maria@beautifynh.com (603) 633-3575 Hours Today By Appointment Join Our Mailing List Email Address Sign up Privacy Policy Privacy Policy coming soon Copyright © 2025 Beautify - All Rights Reserved. Powered by Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept