Learn About Our Aesthetics Clinic in Portsmouth, NH Skip to content Facebook Instagram Envelope (603) 821-0565 Home Services Coolsculpting Botox Dermal Fillers Laser Treatments Skin Rejuvenation SKINVIVE by Juvéderm Asclera® Injection About Us Payment Plans Specials Before and Afters New Patients Blog Contact Us Online Booking Shop Now Gift Cards Skin Medica Zo Skin Health Book Now Home Services Coolsculpting Botox Dermal Fillers Laser Treatments Skin Rejuvenation SKINVIVE by Juvéderm Asclera® Injection About Us Payment Plans Specials Before and Afters New Patients Blog Contact Us Online Booking Shop Now Gift Cards Skin Medica Zo Skin Health Book Now Home About Us About Our Med Spa in Portsmouth, NH Background About Dr. Mark Ballentyne I grew up in a medical family. My father was the town family doctor who did everything. I remember many nights when dinner would be interrupted because he had to go deliver a baby or take out someone’s appendix. He was beloved by all his patients. Despite seeing 60-80 patients a day, each one of them felt like they were the most important and were able to express their concerns and really be heard. He was definitely my inspiration for pursuing a career in medicine. Although nearly impossible to live up to, I do strive to give each and every patient my full attention and truly listen to his or her concerns to give them the highest possible quality of care. Experience in Family Practice and Board Certifications After serving as Family Practice Chief Resident in the final year of my residency at the University of Wisconsin, I practiced a broad range of medicine with a focus on internal medicine for 15 years. I was Practice Medical Director at Martin’s Point Healthcare for 10 years; prior to that, I worked in a medical group in Kennebunk, Maine. Since 2003 I have focused on Aesthetic medicine and feel honored to be one of the busiest providers of injectable services in NH and Maine. I am board-certified by the American Academy of Aesthetic Medicine and also separately by the American Academy of Family Practice Physicians. I am licensed to practice in New Hampshire, Maine and Massachusetts. Training for Allergan One aspect of my practice I enjoy and am proud of is having the privilege of being a trainer for the Allergan Company. Allergan is the maker of Botox and the family of Juvederm fillers. Of about 1.2 million doctors licensed to perform injectables in the United States, only about 7% qualify to be an expert injector. In that role, I travel to practices in New England to instruct providers the proper injection technique and most importantly safety while injecting. In addition to our practice, you can also find Dr. Ballentyne at the following location Camden Skin Care &Lash Bar (603) 319-8432 Camden, ME 04843 Contact Us Our Practice Dr. Ballentyne opened Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics in May of 2017 alongside his daughter, Alexis. We wanted to create an environment that was confidential and intimate, but also casual and comfortable for our patients. Are you a new patient interested in talking to us about our services? Please Apply here. to fill out a new patient form. For more information about our aesthetic medical center in Portsmouth, NH, and other locations, you can find Dr. Ballentyne; please visit our Contact page. We look forward to meeting you! Contact Us Contact Us Email office@ballentynemedicalaesthetics.com Call Us (603) 319-8432 Address 767 Islington Street, Suite 1A Portsmouth, NH, 03801 Still have questions? Feel free to send us a message with any concerns and one of our staff members would be happy to chat with you. If you are a new patient, please click here to fill out our New Patient Form. Book an Appointment Our medical aesthetics is now the best med-spa in Portsmouth, NH, creating a confidential and intimate environment for our patients. Hours Monday : 8:30-4:30 Tuesday : 8:30-4:30 Wednesday : 10:30-4:30 Thursday : 8:30-4:30 Friday : 9:00-2:30 Saturday : First and Third Saturday Appointments By Request Sunday : Closed Quick Links About Services Shop Now Blog Contact Us Get In Touch 767 Islington Street, Suite 1A Portsmouth, NH 03801 office@ballentynemedicalaesthetics.com (603) 319-8432 Facebook Instagram © 2021 Ballentyne Medical Aesthetics. All Right Reserved $50 OFF For any New Patient! For this month only we giving $50 off for any new patient that comes in for any of our services. Contact us today to claim this offer! Grab This Deal Before It’s Gone!