Meet The Team | SkinHealth Centers Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 Book Now | Schedule Consultation Menu Home About About Us Cheryl Clarkson Daniel Townsend, MD Meet The Team Reviews Injectables BOTOX BOTOX for Neckbands Dermal Fillers Kybella Lip Fillers Micro-Injections Sculptra SKINVIVE Skin Rejuvenation Dermaplaning Ultherapy Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing IPL Photofacial Collagen Induction (Microneedling) RF Skin Tightening RF Microneedling PRP Face Bridal Beauty Services Chemical Peels Facials Microdermabrasion Neferfit Neck Lift Ozempic Face Permanent Makeup Threadlifts Hydrasonic Skin Therapy Eyelids Body Body Contouring & Skin Tightening Cellulite Reduction Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal VI Body Peel Hair PRP/PRF Hair Restoration Gallery Injectables Next Skin Rejuvenation Next Body Next Face Next Hair Next Back Botox & Wrinkle Relaxers Dermal Fillers Lip Filler Kybella Back Fractional Laser Skin Resurfacing Microneedling Skin Tightening Back Coolsculpting CoolTone Laser Hair Removal Back Threadlifts Blepharoplasty Back PRP Hair Restoration Products Resources Patient Resources Buy Gift Card Financing Ask Cheryl (Articles) Specials Media Employment Opportunities Locations Boston Andover Location Wellesley Hills Contact Schedule Your Consultation Book Now Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 7814048740 Stay connected: facebook instagram youtube Meet The Team Home About Us Meet The Team SkinHealth Centers Who is the SkinHealth medical team? Our surgeons, physicians, and clinicians are among the area’s best. In addition to education, credentials, and experience that place them above the rest, they all share a passion for excellence and a commitment to working with you to help you achieve your goals. Our clinical team includes the following: Cheryl Clarkson Founder Cheryl founded SkinHealth Centers for a personal reason: a mission to find a cure for malignant melanoma. That mission has opened up many other paths to helping our clients achieve fresh, vibrant skin at every stage of their life. Read More Daniel Townsend, M.D. Medical Director Dr. Townsend is widely recognized as one of the preeminent eyelid surgeons in the world. He has successfully performed over 13,000 cosmetic eyelid procedures in his distinguished career. Read More Laura Cline, RN, DNP, FNP-BC, CPNP Aesthetic Nurse Practitioner and Nurse Injector Laura has been an aesthetic nurse injector since 2015. Laura received her both her Masters and Doctorate in Nursing at the Massachusetts General Hospital Institute of Health Professions. She is a doctorally prepared, double-board certified practitioner. Laura loves children, is a huge Boston sports fan, enjoys traveling and singing/attending concerts in her free time. Laura enjoys bringing out the natural beauty and confidence in her clients. Erin S. Evans, RN, CNP Aesthetic Nurse Practitioner and Nurse Injector Erin has been an Aesthetic nurse injector since 2015. Erin is highly experienced in facial fillers, neurotoxins, and PRP for hair and skin restoration. She received her Nurse Practitioner degree from Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences in Boston. Prior to her career in facial aesthetics, Erin worked as an oncology nurse at Spaulding Rehab Hospital, and in the cardiac unit at Mass General Hospital. When Erin is not at work she is caring for her three young sons. Erin has a passion for facial restoration and aesthetics. She is a strong believer that if you look your best, you feel your best! Siobhan Ryan, RN, FNP Aesthetic Nurse Injector Siobhan is an aesthetic nurse practitioner and nurse injector of neurotoxins and is trained in PRP for hair and skin restoration. She received her Masters in Nursing at Regis College. Siobhan has spent most of her career in surgical nursing and peri-operative care at Massachusetts General Hospital. She has always been deeply passionate about skincare and facial aesthetics. She strongly believes in holistic self-care and leading a well-balanced healthy lifestyle. Siobhan loves to make people feel better from the inside-out and aims to enhance their natural beauty. Siobhan enjoys traveling the world, skiing, gardening and interior design. Nicole Borrelli, RN Aesthetic Nurse Injector Nicole is an aesthetic nurse injector of neurotoxins and facial fillers. She is also a Master Aethetician. She received her RN at Bay State College and is currently working towards a Nurse Practitioner degree. In her spare time, Nicole enjoys hiking with her two Labradors, Elmo and Eppie. Nicole approaches beauty holistically from skincare to injectables and loves making people feel more confident about themselves. Skinhealth Centers Resources Patient Resources In the Media Fees & Financing Specials Schedule Your Consultation Boston 617-582-2645 Wellesley 781-404-8740 Andover 978-933-9276 © 2026 SkinHealth, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Website Design & Seo by MRKTMADE Privacy Policy | TOS | Sitemap Call Email Book Now