About Everglow | Nurse Practitioner-Owned Med Spa | Kennebunk, ME top of page ABOUT SERVICES ALL SERVICES SOFWAVE PAYMENT PLANS PRODUCTS GIFT CARDS CONTACT BLOG More Use tab to navigate through the menu items. About Us Welcome to our office... Why Everglow? Everglow Medical Aesthetics is a boutique medical aesthetics practice in Kennebunk, Maine. We specialize in curating and executing customized treatment plans that will rejuvenate your appearance and elevate your confidence. Our services include Botox, fillers, chemical peels, medical facials, laser hair removal, IPL, fractionated and ablative lasers for anti-aging and skin resurfacing, microneedling/radio frequency microneedling, esthetics, and more. We also offer a wide selection of the latest in medical-grade skincare products. OUR FOUNDER Robyn Sessler, MSN, APRN, FNP-C Robyn Sessler has been practicing as a board certified licensed Family Nurse Practitioner for over 12 years. She first graduated from Babson College with a BS in Marketing, then later went back to school. She attended the University of Southern Maine's Accelerated RN-MSN Nursing program, graduating with honors and earning a Master’s Degree in Nursing. Her medical career at York Hospital and Maine Medical Center has focused on emergency medicine and urgent care. ​ Over the last 7 years, Robyn has developed a particular interest and expertise in Aesthetic Medicine. In 2017 Robyn made the decision to follow her passion for medical aesthetics - a perfect blend of women’s health, skincare, and medicine, and opened Everglow Medical Aesthetics. Prioritizing safe, cutting-edge procedures and beautiful patient-centered outcomes, Robyn is committed to ongoing medical education, frequently attending trainings and conferences to keep up with the newest treatments. This allows Everglow to do the research and offer only the safest most effective treatments for you. THE GLOW TEAM Jennifer Bell, RN Jenn is a Licensed Esthetician and a Registered Nurse. She has worked in the industry for 20+ years. She started as an esthetician at Rivers Edge then went back to school for her nursing degree. She has been a nurse for years, and in addition to Everglow she still occasionally works per diem as a Psych RN. Jenn loves helping people look and feel their best. Shiloh Legere, Licensed Esthetician Shiloh is a licensed esthetician with a passion for enhancing natural beauty and promoting healthy skin. She specializes in microchanneling, LaseMD Ultra resurfacing, ZO Medical facials, DiamondGlow facials, dermaplaning, Jet Peel, and lash lifts & tints. Shiloh is also a skincare expert, with extensive knowledge of the latest products and techniques. She is our go-to ZO specialist. Sophia, Licensed Esthetician Sophia is a newly licensed esthetician with a natural talent for helping people look and feel their best. She specializes in lash lifts, laser hair removal, makeup, DiamondGlow, and custom facials. With 8+ years of client service experience, she brings warmth, care, and expertise to every visit. Her favorite part? Building real connections and celebrating your skin journey—plus, she’s always up for an adventure with her Bernese Mountain Dog, Chezwick. Learn about our rejuvenating services... YES, PLEASE! GABRIELLE Love Everglow! So professional & kind, comfortable atmosphere, top of the line services and products. Total game changer & totally worth it! Shout out to Shiloh to making me feel my best self! Get in touch... CONTACT US 207-420-2452 robyn@everglowbyrobyn.com HOURS Mon: 9AM-5PM Tues: 9AM-6PM Wed: 9AM-4PM Thur: 9AM-5PM Fri: 9AM-4:30PM Sat: 10AM-1-PM Sun: CLOSED ADDRESS 69 York St., Suite 2, Kennebunk, ME 04043 ​ Conveniently located on Route One with private entrance and parking in the back of the building © 2023 Everglow by Robyn Designed by Smith & Crawford Company bottom of page