Biddeford, ME Med Spa | Infinite Wellness Skip to content BOOK NOW BOOK NOW Biddeford , ME 207-494-7770 About Us Our Team Our Office Services DiamondGlow® Microdermabrasion Botox and Jeuveau Injections Skin Care Products Platelet Rich Plasma (PRP) Therapy Chemical Peels Aqua Gold Laser Hair Removal Nonsurgical Body Contouring Laser Skin Rejuvenation Memberships Patient Financing Reviews Leave A Review Read Reviews Photos Patient Portal Contact BOOK NOW BOOK NOW Biddeford , ME 207-494-7770 About Us Our Team Our Office Services DiamondGlow® Microdermabrasion Botox and Jeuveau Injections Skin Care Products Platelet Rich Plasma (PRP) Therapy Chemical Peels Aqua Gold Laser Hair Removal Nonsurgical Body Contouring Laser Skin Rejuvenation Memberships Patient Financing Reviews Leave A Review Read Reviews Photos Patient Portal Contact The Studio The Spa The Academy Welcome to INFINITE About Our Office ›› Infinite is a family of wellness related services delivered by experienced professionals which includes Infinite Wellness & Aesthetics, Infinite Mind & Movement and Infinite Academy. We are pleased to offer cutting-edge technology, award winning services, and unmatched expertise in a luxurious setting. Due to our unique approach, Infinite has quickly become the premier location for medical aesthetic treatments, relaxing spa services, Pilates and yoga classes, private event space, aesthetic education and more. At Infinite, we understand that wellness and self care means much more than any one thing. We look forward to helping you improve not only your skin, but your mind and body as well. We are proud to service Biddeford, the Greater Portland area, Boston, and beyond. Located in the beautifully redesigned Lincoln Mill in Biddeford, Maine, Infinite has what you are looking for. Featured Services LASER HAIR REMOVAL BODY CONTOURING INJECTABLES SKIN RESURFACING SKIN TIGHTENING DIAMOND GLOW Brandi Barden, RN Owner/Founder As the owner of Infinite, Brandi is committed to providing you with an unmatched personalized experience. Whether you are visiting Infinite Wellness & Aesthetics, attending classes at Infinite Mind & Movement or learning with us at Infinite Academy, you can rest assured that each and every detail has been carefully curated by Brandi and her exceptional team. Brandi is dedicated to her vision that wellness must target overall growth and wellbeing which goes far beyond the surface of beautiful skin. LEARN MORE Photo Gallery Check out our before and after images. View Gallery ›› Kind Words From Our Clients H‌e‌l‌l‌o‌ Infinite Wellness & Aesthetics,‌ I‌'‌m‌ t‌h‌e‌ F‌a‌c‌e‌b‌o‌o‌k‌ B‌u‌s‌i‌n‌e‌s‌s‌ ... Troubleshooting - Home This place is so amazing. The staff are very professional. Brandi answered all my questions and walked me through every step before my Intense Pulsed Light procedure. I plan on ... Brittany Thayer This was my first visit to infinite wellness and I couldn’t be happier . Molly was so sweet and explained everything to me and left me feeling beautiful. I had ... Robbyn Mooradian VIEW MORE TESTIMONIALS ›› Instagram Follow @infinite_wellness_aesthetics (opens in new tab) This error message is only visible to WordPress admins Error: No connected account. Please go to the Instagram Feed settings page to connect an account. Follow On Instagram ›› Get In Touch * All indicated fields must be completed. Please include non-medical questions and correspondence only. Location Infinite Wellness & Aesthetics 17 Lincoln St. Suite 14 Biddeford, ME 04005 207-494-7770 Infinite Mind & Movement 17 Lincoln St. Suite 13 Biddeford, ME 04005 207-494-7770 Get Directions >> Office Hours By Appointment Only Get Social GET DIRECTIONS Quick Links Home About Us Services Reviews Patient Portal Contact About Us Our Team Our Office Services DiamondGlow® Microdermabrasion Botox and Jeuveau Injections Skin Care Products Platelet Rich Plasma (PRP) Therapy Chemical Peels Aqua Gold Laser Hair Removal Nonsurgical Body Contouring Laser Skin Rejuvenation Memberships Patient Financing Reviews Leave A Review Read Reviews Photos Patient Portal Contact BOOK NOW BOOK NOW © Copyright 2026 Biddeford, ME Med Spa | Infinite Wellness | Design and Development by MyAdvice Accessibility | Terms of Use | Sitemap Accessibility Toolbar close Toggle the visibility of the Accessibility Toolbar keyboard Keyboard Navigation visibility_off Disable Animations nights_stay Contrast format_size Increase Text text_fields Decrease Text font_download Readable Font title Mark Titles link Highlight Links & Buttons Accessibility Statement Powered with favorite Love by Codenroll